URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64609602/smoky-cheesy-cookies/
Title:
Smoky, Cheesy Cookies Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 stick cold, unsalted butter
4 ounces cold smoked Gouda, cut into tiny cubes
2 ounces sharp cheddar, shredded
3/4 teaspoon fine sea salt
1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper
pinch of cayenne pepper
1 1/4 cups all-purpose flour

Directions:
Put the cold butter and Gouda, the cheddar and the salt, black pepper and cayenne in a food processor and pulse until the butter is in bits and the mixture forms small curds. Add the flour and pulse again, in long pulses, until the dough is moist and forms larger, popcorn-like curds.
Turn the dough out and knead it gently, just until you can shape it into a ball. Divide the dough in half and pat each half into a disk.
Working with one disk at a time, place the dough between two piece of parchment paper and roll to a thickness of 1/4 inch. Slide the dough onto a baking sheet and freeze for at least an hour. You can stack the slabs between pieces of parchment.
Getting ready to bake: Center a rack in the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper or a silicone baking mat. Have a 1 1/2 inch-diameter cookie cutter at hand.
Working with one piece of dough at a time, peel away the top and bottom papers and return the dough to one piece of paper. Cut out as many cookies as you can and place them on the lined baking sheet an inch apart. Gather the scraps, then combine them with the scraps you get from the second disk, re-roll, freeze, cut and bake.
Bake the cookies for 16 to 18 minutes, rotating the baking sheet after 9 minutes, or until they're lightly golden on top and more golden on bottom. Let cookies rest on the baking sheet for a couple of minutes, then transfer them to a rack and cool completely. Repeat with remaining dough.

Submitter: 
Leslie Kelly
Description: 
From legendary baker Dorie Greenspan's book, Dorie's Cookies (Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, 2016), this savory cookie is perfect for parties, partnering up with soup or munching with a glass of wine. They're easy to make and the dough can be frozen, so it's ready to bake anytime.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
45
Nutritional Facts:
NA
