URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64608395/turkey-meatballs-with-cheesy-polenta/
Title:
Turkey Meatballs with Cheesy Polenta Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 large egg, lightly beaten
1 cup instant polenta (divided)
1 pound ground turkey
1/4 cup part-skim ricotta cheese
1/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons grated parmesan cheese
1/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons roughly chopped fresh parsley
3 cloves garlic (1 chopped, 2 sliced)
Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper
1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil
1 28 -ounce can whole plum tomatoes, crushed by hand
1/4+ teaspoon red pepper flakes (to taste)

Directions:
Mix the egg and 1/4 cup polenta in a large bowl; let sit 5 minutes.
Add the turkey, ricotta, 2 tablespoons each parmesan and parsley, the chopped garlic, 1/2 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper; mix with your hands until combined. Form into eight 1 1/2-inch meatballs.
Heat the olive oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Add the meatballs and cook, turning, until lightly browned, about 5 minutes. Transfer to a plate.
Add the sliced garlic to the skillet and cook, stirring, until slightly softened, about 1 minute.
Add the tomatoes and red pepper flakes and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to medium and return the meatballs to the skillet. Simmer, stirring occasionally, until the meatballs are cooked through, about 15 minutes.  Meatball temperature should be 160 degrees when done.
Stir in the remaining 2 tablespoons parsley and season with 1/4 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper.
Meanwhile, bring 4 cups salted water to a boil. Reduce the heat to medium low and add the remaining 3/4 cup polenta.
Cook, stirring constantly, until the water is absorbed and the polenta is soft and creamy, 7 to 8 minutes.
Stir in the remaining 1/4 cup parmesan and season with salt and pepper. Top each serving of polenta with the meatballs and sauce.

Submitter: 
Sudie B
Description: 
These are the best turkey meatballs I have made, and the polenta makes a nice substitute from pasta. They are moist and delicious. The recipe is slightly adapted from one found on Food Network magazine. The recipe is gluten-free to boot!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
