URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64601777/slow-cooker-cheesy-chicken-and-rice/
Title:
Slow Cooker Cheesy Chicken And Rice Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
4 boneless skinless chicken breasts
1 large onion, chopped (I use Vidalia)
1 -8 ounce box Zatarain's Yellow Rice Mix, cooked according to directions
You’ll need to cook your rice before this step. What I like to do is cook my rice the night before and just stick it in the fridge. Then you can dump it in and stir it up and give it a minute or two to get heated. You can also cook your rice soon as you get home, though. It’s still an easy and delicious supper!
1 cup cheddar cheese
1 - 10.5 ounce can cream of chicken soup (regular or fat free)
1 -15 ounce can whole kernel corn, drained

Directions:
Place chicken in bottom of slow cooker. Scatter chopped onion over top. Spoon cream soup over top of that. Cover and cook on low 7-8 hours or on high 3-4 hours. A few minutes before serving, add in cooked rice, corn, and cheese. Stir to combine. Serve hot.
Notes
Note about chopping the chicken: A lot of folks have asked if or when they need to chop the chicken so the dish appears as it does in the photo. The great thing about this recipe is that by the time you add the rice, the chicken is so tender from being slow cooked that stirring in the rice will cause it to break up and appear as pictured. Hope you enjoy it!

Submitter: 
Gina Lee Lafreniere
Description: 
You’ll need: Yellow Rice*, Cream of Chicken, Whole kernel corn, onion, chicken breasts, and shredded cheddar cheese. This is a recipe I modified for the slow cooker and some of you will be happy to know I also removed the entire stick of margarine it called for. Others, like myself, will shrug and go on with things. Because, in the grand scheme of the world, there are more important things to concern myself with than whether or not I’m ingesting a tablespoon of margarine with my chicken and rice ~winks~.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30
Ready in:
4-8 hrs
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
