URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64612409/country-breakfast-burrito/
Title:
Country Breakfast Burrito Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/4218101.jpg
Ingredients:
5 frozen sausage links
5 pre-cooked bacon slices
1 bunch of green onions
2 tbs butter
2 1/2 cup milk
1/3 cup flour
4 whole-wheat flour tortillas
4 eggs scrambled
20 tater tots cooked per directions on package
8 thin slices cheddar cheese
3tsp black pepper
pinch cayenne pepper

Directions:
Scramble eggs in fry pan and cook tater tots according to directions on package.
For Country Gravy Mixture: Cut small pieces of only the white parts of the green onion (this will make about about 1/3 cup of green onion). Store the rest of your green onion bunch for a later recipe. Put onion pieces in a separate fry pan and add butter. Don't put the heat to the fry pan yet. Cook the 5 sausage links in microwave according to instructions on package. Using scissors, cut sausages into small pieces and add to the onion-butter mixture. Using the same scissors, cut the bacon into small pieces. Add to pan. Heat the mixture in the fry pan under medium heat until butter is melted, stirring occasionally. Slowly add the flour to the mixture in small spoonfuls while stirring mixture. Once all flour is added and mixed, the mixture should look pasty. Slowly add the milk in small drizzles mixing the mixture as you pour. Once all milk has been added, turn heat down to low and continue to stir for 5 min until the milk thickens into a country gravy. Turn off heat and take pan away from burner. Add cayenne pepper and pepper to mixture ans stir.
To Assemble the Burritos: *Before assembling burritos, make sure not to fill them too much because you will need to roll them.* Place the flour tortilla down and add small slices of cheese down the middle. Place a small amount of scrambled eggs down the middle of the flour tortilla. Add about 5 cooked tater tots down the middle. Place in microwave for 20 sec. Remove from microwave and add country gravy mixture down the middle. Leave burrito open-faced and heat in microwave for 20-30 more sec. Roll the burrito while its warm. Assemble 3 more burritos this way and serve.
Meal cost: $5.50 ($2.75 per person)

Submitter: 
Courtney Lynn Hernandez
Description: 
Country gravy, bacon, sausage, onion, cheese, egg and tater tots wrapped in a burrito. Our 2year old loves tater tots and frozen Jimmy Dean turkey sausage links so much that we buy them both in bulk at Costco. My family also loves bacon, so we buy our bacon from Costco too but to cut down on the fat, we buy only the pre-cooked bacon. The recipe below makes great use of our Costco buys :)
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20min
Ready in:
35min
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
NA
