URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64612745/rosemary-garlicrubbed-beef-tenderloin-with-red-wine-rosemary-butter/
Title:
Rosemary Garlic–Rubbed Beef Tenderloin with Red Wine-Rosemary Butter Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
For Butter:
1 cup dry red wine
1 sprig fresh rosemary
2 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature
1 tsp. kosher salt
For Beef:
2 tbsp. olive oil, plus 1 tbsp.
3 garlic cloves, minced
1 tablespoon kosher salt
1 tbsp. finely chopped fresh rosemary
½ tsp. freshly ground black pepper
One 3-lb. center cut beef tenderloin, trimmed and tied

Directions:
1. Place the wine and the rosemary sprig in a small saucepan over medium heat. Bring the wine to a boil and then simmer until the wine has reduced to a syrup and measures approximately 2 tablespoons, about 20 minutes. Allow the wine to cool to room temperature.
2. Place the butter and salt in a food processor and pulse to combine. Add the wine and process the butter until smooth, about 1 minute.
3. Scrape the butter into a line on a large sheet of parchment paper. Fold the parchment over the butter and drag a clean spatula down along the line of butter to push it into a log. Twist both ends of the parchment to seal the ends and refrigerate the butter until ready to use, at least 1 hour.
4. Place a rack in the center of the oven and preheat the oven to 400°F. In a small bowl, combine the 2 tablespoons of olive oil, salt, garlic, rosemary, and pepper and rub all over the tenderloin.
5. Heat the remaining oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Sear the tenderloin on all sides until browned, about 3 minutes per side.
6. Transfer the skillet to the oven and roast for 30 to 35 minutes or until an instant-read thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the meat reads 125°F, for medium rare.
7. Remove from the oven and transfer the meat to a cutting board. Cover the roast loosely with foil and let it rest for 20 minutes. To serve, slice the meat into quarter-inch-thick slices and arrange on a platter. Slice the butter into one-eighth-inch-thick rounds and arrange across the warm meat slices.

Submitter: 
cpoko
Description: 
Giada
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
:20
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
