URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64614880/apricot-date-bars/
Title:
Apricot-Date Bars Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/4277490.jpg
Ingredients:
1 ¾ c. Quick rolled oats
1 ½ c. all-purpose Flour
¼ tsp salt
¾ tsp baking powder
1 c. packed brown sugar
¾ c. butter
6oz pitted dates (approx. 1 ¼ c)
6oz dried cut up apricots (approx. 1 ¼ c)
1 c. orange juice
1/2 c. packed brown sugar
1 tsp Vanilla extract

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
In a large bowl, combine oats, flour, salt, baking soda & 1 cup packed brown sugar, and baking soda.
Soften butter just to the point of melting; mix with dry ingredients until mixture is crumbly. Press a little over half of the mixture (5/8) firmly into the bottom of a 10x15” baking pan.  Bake 10-15 minutes at 350f until starting to brown.
Meanwhile, in a medium saucepan over medium heat, combine dates, apricots, orange juice and ½ c. brown sugar. Bring to a boil, lower heat and cook and stir until thickened, breaking up larger pieces as needed. Remove from heat and stir in vanilla extract.   Cool slightly. If the filling becomes too thick, thin with just enough additional orange juice to make it easily spreadable.
Drop spoonfuls of warm filling onto the baked crust, then, with an offset spatula, spread evenly.  It will be a thin layer in keeping with thin lower and upper crusts.  Sprinkle remaining crumb mixture evenly over the filling; pat in place.
Bake approximately 25 minutes, or until top is lightly toasted. Use a pastry scraper to cut into bars approximately 1 ¼” x 2” while still hot but don’t lift them from the pan until cooled.  Store in a tightly sealed container.  Makes 49 servings.

Submitter: 
Jan Mowbray
Description: 
A makeover of the old Date Bars, these bars have a delightful sweet-tart filling, are thin and crispy. Really nice with a cup of tea or coffee.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
49
Nutritional Facts:
NA
