URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64612090/roasted-rosemary-turkey-with-balsamic-fig-glaze/
Title:
Roasted Rosemary Turkey with Balsamic Fig Glaze Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/4585673.jpg
Ingredients:
1 (12 pound) whole turkey
3/4 cup olive oil
7 tablespoons minced garlic
13 – 15 Rosemary Sprigs
1 tablespoon chopped fresh basil
Small onion quartered
3 cups balsamic vinegar
1-1/2 cups of Fig Butter
¼ cup honey
1 tablespoon Italian seasoning
1 tablespoon and 1 teaspoon ground black pepper
3-½ teaspoon Himalayan salt
4-6 tablespoons of stick butter, sliced to approx. 1-1/2 teaspoons (for Turkey)
1-1/2 of softened butter (for glaze)

Directions:
2 DAYS BEFORE  |  Rosemary-Garlic Marinade:   In a small bowl, mix together ¾ cup olive oil, 4 Tbsn garlic, 2 Tbsn rosemary, 1 Tbsn basil, 1 Tbsn Italian seasoning, 1 tsp black pepper and ½ tsp salt. Store in a container and set aside mixing periodically.
1 DAY BEFORE Turkey Prep  |  See Video https://youtu.be/wYNfLPNx9e4  |   Wash the turkey inside and out, discard giblets, remove fat deposits, and pat dry.
Gently cut the skin down the middle of the breast and slowly loosen using your fingers. Work it loose to the end of the drumstick, being careful not to tear the skin exposing the breast.
With a small paring knife, gently slit 3-4 pockets into each breast.
Insert sliced butter squares into each opening until flushed with the breast.
Spread a generous amount of the Rosemary-Garlic Marinade under the breast skin and down the thigh and leg.
Gently pull the breast skin back up and secure with a toothpick piercing through both sides of the skin. Aim at a 90 degree angle when inserting the toothpick to assure the skin stays in position.
Rub the remainder of the marinade over the outside of entire turkey.
Quarter the small onion and stuff turkey along with 2-3 sprigs of rosemary.
Tie legs and pin wings if needed (I use metal skewer sticks for the wings).
Using a turkey oven bag, gently transfer into the bag and work out most the air. Tie and refrigerate until roasting day.
ROASTING DAY  |  Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C).
Remove turkey from the bag and position on a rack in a roasting pan.
Cover turkey with foil to prevent early browning and retain moisture.
Add about 1/4 inch of water or turkey broth (I prefer broth) to the bottom of the pan.
Roast in the preheated oven for 3 to 4 hours (based on weight, 15 min per pound), or until the internal temperature of the bird reaches 165-170 degrees (Fahrenheit).
Baste and/ or Inject turkey every 30-45 minutes if you prefer and add water or broth as needed to the pan.
Check temperature halfway through roasting to gauge doneness.
Prepare the Glaze when the turkey reaches 160 degree internal temperature.
In a medium saucepan, bring balsamic vinegar to a light simmer. Stir very frequently until it begins to reduce and becomes sticky. The reduction should measure approximately 1-1/2 cups.
Combine 3 Tbsn of the minced rosemary, 3 Tbsn of minced garlic, ¼ cup honey, 1-1/2 cups of the fig butter, 3 Tbsn of salt and 1 Tbsn of ground pepper with the balsamic vinegar reduction. Stir well and remove from heat.
Remove turkey from the oven and foil cover. Coat the turkey with the glaze and return to the oven uncovered.
Repeat glaze every 20 minutes while targeting an internal temperature of at least 165 degrees and browning achieved.
Allow Turkey to rest 30 minutes before carving.

Submitter: 
Sadie Melgoza
Description: 
Thanksgiving 2016

Video: https://youtu.be/wYNfLPNx9e4
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
35
Ready in:
3-4 h
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
