URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64616511/italian-toto-cookies/
Title:
Italian Toto Cookies Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
4 cups flour, sifted
4 teaspoons baking powder
5 teaspoons cocoa powder ( I used 6)
1 teaspoon ground cloves
1/2 teaspoon cinnamon (I used 1 tsp)
3 eggs, beaten
1 cup milk
3/4 cup vegetable oil
1/2 cup white sugar
1/2 cup light brown sugar
1 tsp orange extract
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
1 cup walnuts, chopped (I omitted to make them nut-free)
1/4 cup miniature chocolate chips (I used 1 1/4 cup regular size, to make up for no nuts)
1/2 cup maraschino cherries, drained and chopped
Frosting Ingredients:
2 tablespoons butter, melted
2 cups confectioners sugar
1 heaping tablespoon cocoa powder
1/2 tsp orange extract
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
2 tablespoons milk or hot black coffee (I needed more - highly recommend using coffee for this!)

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350F.  Line baking sheets with parchment (or grease them)
In large bowl, combine flour, baking powder, cocoa, cloves and cinnamon.
In separate bowl, whisk together eggs, milk, oil, sugars and extracts.
Add egg mixture to flour mixture and mix thoroughly. Dough will be thick and sticky.*
Add nuts, chocolate chips and cherries.
Stir together - *if dough is still "wet" add bit more flour.  (I ended up adding a good 1/2 cup more flour to get a workable dough that could be rolled into balls)
With oiled or floured hands, break off pieces of dough and roll into balls the size of a walnut (1 1/2 " is a good size - these puff up a bit)
Place on cookie sheet 1" apart.  Bake 12 - 15 minutes.
Cool completely, then frost.
Frosting:
Note:  I needed to make another half batch of frosting - consider doubling this part.
Mix all ingredients until smooth and velvety.  I needed to add more coffee to get right consistency.  Should be thick and smooth, just short of pourable.
Dip tops of cookies in frosting - or spread a small amount on each cookie.
Let set at least 2 hours until dry.

Submitter: 
ChristineM
Description: 
Adapted from The North End Italian Cookbook by Marguerite Dimino Buonopane
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
48
Nutritional Facts:
NA
