URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64613096/bacon-chicken-w-sun-dried-tomatoes/
Title:
Bacon chicken w sun-dried tomatoes Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
4 large garlic cloves, minced
1 small jar (6 oz) sun-dried tomatoes in oil, or use 6 oz fat-free sun dried tomatoes
salt
2 tablespoons olive oil (either from the jar of sun-dried tomatoes, or just use olive oil)
paprika (just a little bit)
2 large chicken breasts, halved horizontally (about 2 lb)
1 cup heavy cream
1 cup milk
1 cup mozzarella cheese, shredded
salt and pepper, to taste
1 teaspoon basil (if using dry basil), if using fresh basil you can add more
1/4 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes (at least, add more to taste)
8 strips of bacon, cooked and crumbled
asparagus, steamed (for serving)

Directions:
In a large pan, on medium heat, saute garlic and sun-dried tomatoes (drained from oil) in 2 tablespoons of oil (olive oil or oil reserved from the sun-dried tomatoes jar) for 1 minute until garlic is fragrant.
Remove sun-dried tomatoes and garlic from the pan, leaving the oil, and add chicken breasts, halved horizontally, salted and lightly covered in paprika (for color) and cook on medium heat for about 5 minutes on each side. (that will make 4 flatter chicken breasts). Cover the pan with the lid, remove from heat, and let the chicken sit, cooking in its own juices, off heat in a skillet, until completely cooked through and no longer pink in the center.
Remove the chicken from the skillet. Remove the juices from the skillet, to avoid greasiness.
To the same skillet (from which you removed the chicken and the juices), add 1 cup of heavy cream, bring to boil, add 1 cup of mozzarella cheese, immediately reduce to simmer, constantly stirring to melt the cheese. Add 1 cup of milk gradually, whisking until nice and smooth, while on simmer. Add back the cooked sun-dried tomatoes and the garlic. Add basil and crushed red pepper - mix to combine. Add cooked chicken breasts. Top with crumbled bacon. Reheat until warm. Serve with steamed aspragus

Submitter: 
boltfan
Description: 
From juliasalbum.com
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
