URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64617824/cherry-cheesecake-chocolate-bundt-cake/
Title:
Cherry Cheesecake Chocolate Bundt Cake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Ingredients
2 cups all-purpose flour
1-½ cups granulated sugar
1 tsp. kosher salt
1 tsp. baking soda
1 cup water
6 oz unsalted butter
? cup cocoa powder, preferably Dutch-processed
1 heaping Tbsp. espresso powder
6 oz bittersweet chocolate chips
½ cup sour cream, room temperature
2 eggs, lightly beaten
1 tsp. pure vanilla extract
1-½ Tbsp. unsalted butter, melted
2 Tbsp. brown sugar
16 jumbo maraschino cherries, drained
¾ cup cherry pie filling
CHEESECAKE FILLING
2 – 8 oz. packages cream cheese
½ cup + 2 Tbsp. granulated sugar
1 tsp. pure vanilla extract
3 Tbsp. all-purpose flour
1 egg
GLAZE
1 cup confectioners’ sugar, sifted
1-2 Tbsp. milk

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350? / 175?. Spray a 10-12 cup Bundt pan generously with baking spray with flour. Set aside.
CAKE
In a large bowl combine the flour, granulated sugar, salt and baking soda. Whisk until fully blended.
In a small saucepan, combine the water and 6 oz. butter. Place over medium heat and cook until the butter has melted. Add cocoa and espresso powders and whisk until no lumps remain. Add the chocolate chips and continue stirring until completely melted and the sauce is smooth. Remove from heat.
Add chocolate sauce to the dry ingredients, then whisk until just combined. Blend in sour cream. Add eggs and vanilla, then mix until fully combined, making sure not to over-mix the batter.
CHEESECAKE FILLING
In a medium bowl with a hand mixer, beat cream cheese, granulated sugar and vanilla until light and fluffy. Add flour and egg and beat until smooth.
ASSEMBLY
Evenly, pour 1-½ Tbsp. melted butter into the bottom of the prepared Bundt pan. Evenly, sprinkle 2 Tbsp. brown sugar on top of the melted butter. Place 2 maraschino cherries each into the larger grooves of the Bundt pan.
Pour ¾ of the prepared cake batter on top of the cherries. With a large spoon, evenly spoon the cheesecake filling into the center of the batter, not allowing it to touch the sides of the pan. Spoon cherry pie filling on top of the cheesecake filling, again not allowing it to touch the sides of the pan. Pour remaining cake batter over the filling.
Bake 50 – 60 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean. Cool cake on a rack for 10 minutes, then flip cake out of pan and cool completely.
GLAZE
?Once cake has cooled, prepare the glaze. In a large bowl, combine confectioners’ sugar and milk, whisk until smooth. Drizzle cake with glaze. Allow glaze to set and serve.

Submitter: 
Carrie
Description: 
A cherry chocolate cheesecake like you’ve never seen before. This dessert is not only beautiful; it’s packed with a variety of vibrant flavors that melt together to evoke that holiday spirit.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
