URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64617946/phad-thai/
Title:
Phad Thai Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
20 oz package dry phad thai rice noodles
2 T lime juice
3 T ketchup
2 teaspoons worchestershire sauce
1/3 cup white sugar
1/2 cup white vinegar
1/4 cup fish sauce
1/2 teaspoon cayenne powder
Chili Flakes to taste (1 T per *)
1 lb chicken, cut into thin strips or 1/2" cubes
1/4 lb extra firm tofu, cubed to 1/3"
freshly rinsed bean sprouts (about 1 cup)
4 eggs, whisked lightly
4 T chopped cilantro
1/4 cup crushed peanuts (very lightly or not salted, lightly toasted)
1/4 cup shredded carrots (for garnish/palate cleanser)
fresh lime wedges for serving
olive oil for cooking

Directions:
Soak rice noodles in room temperature water for about an hour.
In a medium bowl, combine the lime juice, ketchup, worchestershire, sugar, vinegar, fish sauce and cayenne powder.  Whisk to mix well.
In a wok or large frying pan, cook chicken in a little olive oil.  When almost cooked through, add about 2 T of sauce to the chicken.  Set aside.
Add a little more olive oil to pan and cook the cubed tofu until its fried on all sides.  Set aside.
A little more olive oil in the pan and cook the eggs - similar to an omlette, chopping into strips and small "chunks" at the end of cooking.  Set aside.
Toast the peanuts in the hot pan, gently, for about 2 minutes.  Set aside.
Rinse the frying pan or wok quickly and return to heat.  While its heating, drain the rice noodles well.  Add a little olive oil (3 T) to the hot pan and then the rice noodles.    Toss to coat in the oil and begin to stir fry over medium high heat.  Add Sauce to pan and toss to coat the noodles well.  continue to stir fry.  Test noodles for doneness - if still to hard, turn heat down to medium and add some hot water to pan and allow to cook out while noodles soften more.
When noodles are the softness you like, add chicken, tofu, egg, cilantro, bean sprouts and peanuts to the noodles.  Mix to combine and heat through, allowing the noodles to brown just a little in the pan.
Serve hot with about 1/4 cup of shredded carrots, 1/3 cup fresh bean sprouts and a lime wedge on the plate for each serving.  Some fresh cilantro and peanuts on top for garnish.

Submitter: 
Amy Randy Smith
Description: 
Sooo close to the local restaurant, doesn't require tamarind paste and uses most items easily found at the grocery store or in your pantry.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
45
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
