URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64617725/corn-dog-chili/
Title:
Corn Dog Chili Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil (EVOO), plus additional for preparing skillet or griddle
1 pound all-beef hot dogs, chopped
2 pounds ground sirloin
1 large onion, chopped
3 cloves garlic, finely chopped or grated
2 jalapeño peppers, seeded and chopped
1/4 cup tomato paste
2 tablespoons chili powder
1 tablespoon smoked paprika
3 cups beef stock
Salt and ground black pepper
1 box cornbread mix, such as Jiffy brand
1/4 cup spicy brown mustard
2/3 cup milk
2 tablespoons butter, melted
1 egg

Directions:
Place a large saucepan over medium-high heat with 2 tablespoons of olive oil. Add the chopped hot dogs to the pan and cook until brown, about 3-4 minutes. Remove and reserve the hot dogs.
Add the sirloin to the same pan and cook until golden brown and cooked through, 6-7 minutes. Add the onion, garlic and jalapeño peppers to the pan and cook until tender, 5-6 minutes.
Add the reserved hot dogs back to the pan along with the tomato paste, chili powder and paprika and cook until deep red and aromatic, about 30 seconds. Stir in the beef stock, then adjust the seasonings with salt and pepper and bring the liquid to a bubble. Reduce the heat to medium and simmer until thickened slightly, about 5 minutes.
While the chili is thickening, heat a large skillet or griddle pan over medium heat with a little EVOO or a spray of cooking spray. In a medium size mixing bowl, whisk together the cornbread mix, mustard, milk, melted butter and eggs so it’s the consistency of pancake batter.
Ladle the batter, about 1/4 cup at a time, into the pan to make griddle cakes. Cook until bubbles burst on the raw side of the cakes and the edges begin to dry, 3-4 minutes. Flip the cakes and cook for another minute until done. Reserve the cooked cakes on a plate until the whole batch is cooked.
Serve the chili topped with the griddle cakes.

Submitter: 
Sapper26
Description: 
Rachel Ray's corn dog chili recipe. Very kid friendly.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10
Ready in:
45
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
