URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64619183/crockpot-sweet-potato-stew/
Title:
Crockpot Sweet Potato Stew Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/4392808.jpg
Ingredients:
2 cups (~3) medium-sized sweet potatoes chopped
1/4 cup chopped celery
1 small yellow onion
8 ounce bag mini carrots
1 can (15 ounces) corn I use fire-roasted
1 can (14.5 ounces) diced tomatoes I use fire-roasted
1 pound stew meat cut into 1-inch chunks (I buy it pre-cut)
2 tablespoons flour
1/2 teaspoon each seasoned salt and pepper
1 bay leaf
1 teaspoon minced garlic
1/2 teaspoon paprika
1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce
2 tablespoons fresh parsley
2 beef boullion cubes
1 cup water
Optional: fresh flat leaf parsley

Directions:
Grease a slow cooker with non-stick spray.
Peel and chop the sweet potatoes into large chunks. Measure to get a heaping 3 cups and place in the prepared slow cooker.
Add in the chopped celery, chopped onion (you can cube the onion in 4 large pieces so you can easily pull them out. If you hate onion, put them in to get a great flavor and then pull it out after it's done cooking).
Add in the bag of carrots, drained can of corn and undrained can of diced tomatoes.
Toss together the flour, seasoned salt, and pepper. Toss the cut stew meat (cut in 1 inch cubes if not pre-cut) in the flour mixture until well coated.
Place the coated meat in the slow cooker on top of all the vegetables. You do not need to pre-cook the meat at all.
Add in the bay leaf, minced garlic, paprika, Worcestershire sauce, and fresh parsley.
Add in the boullion cubes and the water.
You don't need to stir it. Just cover and cook on low for 7-9 hours or high for 5-7 hours or until the sweet potatoes and vegetables are tender and the meat is cooked through.
When ready to serve, remove the bay leaf.
If you are home, occasionally stir the stew throughout the day.
Stir the ingredients together and slightly mash the tender sweet potatoes in the crockpot. This gives it a chunkier and thicker stew consistency.
If desired top with some fresh parsley.

Submitter: 
Vincent Appel
Description: 
A super simple (dump it and forget about it) hearty, and healthy sweet potato and beef stew.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
