URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64613916/instant-pot-refried-beans/
Title:
Instant Pot Refried Beans Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 pounds dried pinto beans, sorted
1 1/2 cups chopped onion
4-5 garlic cloves, roughly chopped
1 jalapeno, seeded and chopped
2 teaspoons dried oregano
1 1/2 teaspoons ground cumin
1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper
3 tablespoons lard, or vegetable shortening for vegan
4 cups chicken broth, or vegetable broth for vegan
4 cups water

Directions:
In a large mixing bowl, add the sorted dried pinto beans and fill the bowl with enough water to cover the beans by several inches. Set aside to soak for 15 minutes while you prepare the remaining ingredients.
To the Instant Pot bowl, add the chopped onion, garlic cloves, jalapeno, dried oregano, ground cumin, ground black pepper, lard, chicken broth, and water.
Use a colander to strain the beans and discard the soaking liquid. Rinse with fresh water.
Now add the beans to the Instant Pot bowl, and stir all of the ingredients together. It’s okay if the lard is in a solid lump, as soon as the Instant Pot comes up to pressure/temperature, the lard will melt.
Place the lid on the Instant Pot and ensure the steam release valve is set to sealing. Press the “Bean/Chili” key, which will show 30 minutes of cooking time, and increase the time to 45 minutes. Now walk away. When the Instant Pot is done cooking, it will come down from pressure naturally, about 40 minutes.
When the pressure is released, open the lid of the Instant Pot and add the sea salt to taste. Use an immersion blender to blend the beans to the desired consistency. The beans will appear soupy, but will thicken as they cool.

Submitter: 
Christine Denstaedt
Description: 
While I don’t call for soaking the beans overnight in this specific recipe, more people are stating that soaking beans does nothing for flatulence. But, everyone is different . If you decide to soak your beans overnight, you will need less moisture when you cook them in your Instant Pot.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
2 h
Number of servings: 
20
Nutritional Facts:
NA
