URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64612829/lettuce-wraps/
Title:
Lettuce Wraps Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/4228311.jpg
Ingredients:
1/4 cup sugar (for Special Sauce)
1/2 cup water (for Special Sauce)
2 tablespoons soy sauce (for Special Sauce)
2 tablespoons rice wine vinegar (for Special Sauce)
2 tablespoons ketchup (for Special Sauce)
1 tablespoon lemon juice (for Special Sauce)
1/8 teaspoon sesame oil (for Special Sauce)
2 teaspoon garlic and red chili sauce (for Special Sauce)
1 tablespoon hot mustard (for Mustard Sauce)
2 teaspoons hot water (for Mustard Sauce)
3 tablespoons soy sauce (for Stir Fry Sauce)
2.5 tablespoons brown sugar (for Stir Fry Sauce)
1 teaspoon rice wine vinegar (for Stir Fry Sauce)
1 lb cooked chicken diced into pea-sized bits
3 Tbsp olive oil
1 clove garlic minced
3 Tbsp green onions chopped
1 cup water chestnuts diced into pea-sized bits
2/3 cup mushroom diced into pea-sized bits
1 head of butter lettuce (I cut costs by using iceberg lettuce instead)

Directions:
Make the special sauce by dissolving the sugar in water in a small bowl. Add soy sauce, rice wine vinegar, ketchup, lemon juice and sesame oil and garlic chili sauce.
Combine the hot water with the hot mustard and set this aside as well.
Prepare the stir fry sauce by mixing the soy sauce, brown sugar, and rice vinegar together in a small bowl.
Mix well and refrigerate this sauce until you're ready to serve.
Heat olive oil in a saucepan over medium high heat. Add garlic, water chestnuts, green onion and mushrooms to pan then bring the heat down to medium low.  Cook until tender, about 5-7 minutes; Add diced chicken and cook about 3 min longer. Remove from heat and strain the mixture to strain out the excess water that has accumulated from the water chestnuts and mushrooms (no one wants a soggy lettuce wrap).
To serve, spoon several tablespoons of the chicken mixture into the center of a lettuce leaf, taco-style.
Add your desired amount of mustard  to the special sauce mixture to pour over the wraps. or have guests mix their own amount of mustard and special sauce to drizzle over each lettuce wrap.
*If I have a handful of nuts in my pantry, I crush them up and add them to the lettuce wrap mixture before serving, to add more crunch.

Submitter: 
Courtney Lynn Hernandez
Description: 
Low-calorie addition to your Asian meal :)
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10min
Ready in:
20min
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
NA
