URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64619018/breadless-breakfast-casserole/
Title:
Breadless Breakfast Casserole Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1lb breakfast sausage, browned and drained
10 lg eggs
1 medium onion, diced
1 16oz container of cottage cheese
1 8oz bag shredded cheddar cheese
1/2 bag frozen hash brown potatoes

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees.  Lightly grease a 13" x 9" baking dish.
In a large frying pan, cook sausage on medium to medium high heat until browned and cooked thoroughly.  Drain excess fat.  Set aside.
In a large bowl, beat eggs thoroughly.  Add onion, cottage cheese, shredded cheese, and hash brown potatoes.  Gently stir until evenly mixed.  Add cooked sausage and stir until sausage is evenly distributed in the mixture.
Pour mixture into baking dish and bake, uncovered for 60 minutes or until firm.  Let casserole rest 5 minutes prior to serving.
*if you're making this dish the night before, pour the mixture in the baking dish, cover and refrigerate.  In the morning, remove casserole from the fridge and allow it to sit at room temperature while the oven heats to 350 degrees.  Bake, uncovered, for 60 minutes or until firm.
**Note - as mentioned in the description, this is a very versatile casserole, not to mention forgiving.  I've  made it with 12 eggs instead of 10, used ham, added green pepper and mushroom, even gone veggie free.  Every time it comes out wonderfully, just add meat and veggies to suit your taste.  Don't let the cottage cheese freak you out either.  I saw cottage cheese as an ingredient in several casseroles and thought it was a huge gamble putting it in there.  It actually melts right in while baking, and no one will even know it's there; I even shocked a couple cottage cheese haters by letting them in on the secret.  I think it creates a creamier, fluffier casserole.  If you can't bring yourself to give it a try, it's also great without.  I made one before I realized I was out of cottage cheese.  That time I had denser casserole, but it was still great and a hit with the work crowd!

Submitter: 
CMARTIN650
Description: 
This super easy and very versatile casserole uses potatoes instead of commonly used bread.  It can be baked immediately or refrigerated overnight for a nice breakfast, while meats and veggies can be adapted to fit any taste buds.  I frequently bring this to the office where it quickly vanishes!  I hope you enjoy it as well.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
