URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64617345/brie-with-caramelized-onions-pistachio-and-cranberries/
Title:
Brie with Caramelized Onions, Pistachio and Cranberries Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 tablespoons butter or stick margarine (i use about ½ cube)
1 medium onion, quartered and thinly sliced (i use sweet yellow onion)
1/2 cup dried cranberries ( i just grab a bag of dried cranberries or craisins and pour the whole thing in)
1 tablespoon packed brown sugar (i use more than 1 tbsp)
1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar (i use more than 1 tbsp)
vegetable oil (i don’t use this)
15 ounces brie cheese (you can also do two of the smaller brie rounds. I think they’re the 6 or 8 ounce size)
1/4 cup coarsely chopped pistachio nuts, slivered almonds or walnuts (i use whole pistachios)
crackers, if desired
I use a puff pastry sheet and egg wash (see below)

Directions:
Carmelize the onions
Add the rest of the ingredients to the skillet (dried cranberries, brown sugar, balsamic vinegar, whole pistachios - i don’t really follow the quantities in the recipe - - i just start pouring stuff in…) – Let it cook for a couple of minutes on medium heat, then add about ¼ to 1/3 cup water and let it simmer down to a nice thick sauce.
Wrap in a (pepperidge farms) puff pastry sheet that you can get in the frozen foods section.
Roll out the puff pastry (using a little bit of flour) so it’s big enough to wrap the around the brie.
Put a sheet of foil down, then the rolled-out pastry on top of the foil (the pastry will go farther than the sides of the foil depending on the size of foil roll you use – that’s okay! Just center it onto the foil sheet. You’re going to use the foil to flip the brie in a minute…)
Put the cranberry mixture in the center of the pastry sheet in a circle shape the size of the brie round. Let the cranberry mixture cool off a little before putting it on the pastry sheet. I always have some cranberry mixture left over – yummy! So don’t worry if you have more cranberry mixture than you know what to do with!
Cut the top “crust” off the brie round – just enough to expose the cheese on one side.
Place the cut/exposed side of the brie facing down on top of the cranberry mixture. I then wrap the pastry sheet around the whole thing. You’ll have lots of layers of pastry folded over on the top – that’s okay! The top will become the bottom in a minute!
Make an egg wash with one egg and then fill one of the egg shell halves twice with water and pour into the egg, then beat. I just get messy here – instead of brushing the egg wash onto the pastry, i just use my hands! Slather the egg wash over the layers of pastry that you just folded over onto the top of the brie. Now take another sheet of foil and place on top of the brie/folded pastry/egg wash you just created.
Take the foil under the pastry/brie round, and use it to carefully flip the whole thing over onto the new sheet of foil – one hand on the top and one hand on the bottom. Now pull the original piece of foil off the top.
Slathering with the egg wash on what is now the top of the brie.
Fold up the edges of the bottom piece of foil close to the edge of the brie to make a pseudo foil “pan” to bake the brie in.
Bake it at 350 for about 45 minutes – just until it’s brown enough.
Once cooked, wrap the whole thing in foil.  if i’m traveling to a party or gathering to keep it warm.

Submitter: 
Jill Sander
Description: 
Serve it up with your favorite crackers or toasted baguette slices. Serve with seasonal fruit to make a pretty presentation on a nice serving tray.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
NA
