URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64610545/cranberry-brie-puffs/
Title:
Cranberry & Brie Puffs Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 cup fresh cranberries
3 tablespoons orange juice
2 tablespoons water
1 tablespoon honey
1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1/8 teaspoon kosher salt
2 10x10-inch sheets puff pastry, thawed in the refrigerator overnight
1 large egg, beaten
4 ounces Brie cheese, cold

Directions:
Prepare the cranberry sauce: Combine the cranberries, orange juice, water, honey, cinnamon, and salt in a small saucepan. Bring to a simmer over medium heat and cook for 10 minutes, until the cranberries break down and thicken. Let cool.
Unfold the thawed puff pastry on a lightly floured work surface. With a rolling pin, gently roll the pastry so that it is an even 11-inch square. With a 1 1/2-inch round biscuit or cookie cutter, cut circles out of the pastry leaving as little space as possible between each circle (about 48 rounds total from one sheet. If you use a larger biscuit cutter, leave space between the circles, or have a smaller sized sheet of puff pastry, please note that the recipe yield will be smaller).
Beat the egg in a small bowl, then lightly brush each pastry. Top half of the pastry rounds with 1/4 teaspoon cranberry sauce and 1 small piece Brie cheese, rind included.
Carefully place the remaining pastry rounds on top of the Brie and cranberry, brushed egg side down. Pinch the ends closed, then gently crimp the edges with a fork to secure. Prick each pastry with a fork to allow the air to escape. (If making ahead, see notes section below.) Repeat with second pastry sheet.
Place a rack in the upper third of the oven and preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Place pastry on the prepared sheet and brush lightly with egg. Bake for 12 to 16 minutes, or until puffed and golden brown. Remove from the oven and allow to cool for at least 15 minutes before serving. Serve warm or at room temperature.

Submitter: 
Brit_abroad1969
Description: 
An easy and delicious puff pastry appetizer: puff pastry cut into rounds, filled with cranberries and Brie cheese, then baked. This recipe can be prepped weeks in advance, making it perfect for parties and holiday entertaining.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
48
Nutritional Facts:
NA
