URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64614878/tomato-tomato-tomato-soup/
Title:
Tomato, Tomato, Tomato Soup! Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
4 Tbsp. (60g) Butter
2 pinches Black Pepper
1 med.Carrot, roughly chopped
1 med. Onion, roughly sliced
1 med. Potato, roughly diced
1, 28oz (800g) can high-quality whole canned tomatoes in their juice
3 heaping Tbsp. Tomato Paste or Concentrate (2x or 3x strength)
3 heaping Tbsp. Sun-dried Tomatoes (if in oil, rinsed), roughly chopped
4 cups or 1L Water
2 tsp Salt.
For garnish: Fresh or Sour Cream or plain yogurt (to taste)

Directions:
In the pre-heated pressure cooker, without the lid on medium heat, add the butter, pepper, onions and carrots. Stir occasionally until the onions are starting to get softened (about 5 minutes).
Then, add the potatoes, canned tomatoes, tomato paste, sun-dried tomatoes, water and salt.
Close and lock the pressure cooker. Turn the heat up high and when the pan reaches pressure, lower the heat and count 5 minutes cooking time at HIGH pressure.
When time is up, release pressure using the Natural method - move the pressure cooker to a cool burner and do not do anything, wait for the pressure to come down on it's own (about 10 minutes). If the pressure has not come down in 10 minutes, release the rest of the pressure using the Normal pressure release - push, twist or lift the button or valve to release pressure.
Using an immersion blender, blend the contents of the pressure cooker until smooth. Serve with a twirl of Fresh or Sour cream.

Submitter: 
Christine Denstaedt
Description: 
Although tomato soup is American, I made a version that exemplifies Italian cookery:  Exalting one ingredient and making it sing.  To this end, this soup includes three tomato products for a complex, yet direct, flavor. I used water, not Chicken broth, to keep the taste-buds focused on the star ingredient. Herbs are not invited to this party, either. They are a delicious and tricky thing to use.  When herbs are paired with tomatoes the risk is very high that the soup might end up tasting like a pasta sauce.  Use herbs only as garnish with restraint. Milk products and tomatoes make magic when u
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
5 m
Ready in:
20 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
