URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64614519/struffoli/
Title:
Struffoli Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
For the dough balls
400g / 14 oz plain flour
4 eggs
50g / 2oz butter, softened
1 tablespoon of Sugar, granulated or caster
For the Syrup
80-100ml water, used to loosen honey
6 tablespoons of honey
2.5 tablespoons of sugar
For the frying
4-5 tablespoons of vegetable oil
To finish
Some diced candid fruit
Some sugar sprinkles

Directions:
Pour the flour and sugar into a large size bowl. Meanwhile soften the butter in a microwave.
Next make a small well in the flour and into it break the 4 eggs, and add the softened butter.
Next using the handle of a wooden spoon, or a chop stick for example. Move and combine the mixture. If you were to plunge your hands in right away, you will end up wearing most of the mixture.
Once combined, dive in with your hand(s) and bring the dough together. Do not be tempted to add water, it is going to be a relatively dry hard, dough mixture. Do not worry about leaving a few dry bits at the bottom.
Now wrap the dough in some food wrap and place it into a fridge for around 15-20 minutes to cool it down and to rest. This will ensure the dough balls "blow-up" when you fry them later.
Next, take the dough ball out the fridge, unwrap it. You should find its looking nice and smooth and moist.
Cut the dough into a few parts, and begin to roll out one in a similar manner as if you were going to make gnocchi. Create a sausage shape using a dusting of flour.
Next using the palm of your hand take each small section and create ball shapes, aim for marble size and smaller. Keep in mind these will expand slightly so think small. No matter how tempting it is to make larger balls, resist. We are not making balls.
Next add the syrup ingredients into a milk pan, and bring to a simmer, to create a honey syrup. Turn off the heat once it becomes a nice thick syrup.
In a frying pan, add the vegetable oil, and bring to a medium high temperature. In the oil, fry around a dozen or so of the balls until they turn a golden brown color, put them onto some kitchen roll, to drain.
?
Once you have fried the full amount, pour them into the syrup mixture, and using a spoon make sure they are well coated in the syrup. Once well coated, pour them onto a serving platter, sprinkle over the candid fruits, spoon over any remaining syrup, and finish with some sugar sprinkles.

Submitter: 
Bill Girolamo
Description: 
Honey Balls
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
45 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
48
Nutritional Facts:
NA
