URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64618280/janices-falcon-pub-steak-pie/
Title:
Janice's Falcon Pub Steak Pie Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/4376418.jpg
Ingredients:
Splash of canola oil
Salt and pepper to taste
3 lbs Round Steak, cut into 1" pieces (Stew meat from the butcher works well.)
Boiling water
Knorr Beef Stock Cubes (4- 1/2 ounce/8 gram cubes)
3 Tablespoons Bisto Reduced Salt Gravy Granules
1 package of Puff Pastry Dough

Directions:
Put a splash of canola oil in deep saute pan and place half of meat into saute and lightly salt and pepper. Saute until slightly seared and no longer pink on the outside. (Do not fully cook meat.) Drain the pan and saute the remaining meat.
Place all the meat back into the pan and cover with boiling water just above the top of the meat. Bring to a boil and then lower heat to a simmer. Allow the meat to simmer for 2 1/2 hours. (At this point, the meat should be very tender, breaking up easily.)
Dissolve beef stock cubes in boiling water. Use only enough water to dissolve the cubes to the consistency of thick gravy. Pour dissolved beef stock cubes into mixture and simmer an additional 30 minutes.
Stir in 3 tablespoons of the gravy granules (more to taste) and dissolve into the mixture.
Allow filling to cool completely.
Pour into a deep 9 x 13 pan, prepared with oil spray. (The filling may be refrigerated overnight at this point, covered.)
Preheat oven to 375 F/190 C.
Roll puff pastry dough out slightly larger than the pan.
Place on top of filling (filling must be cold or room temperature), letting extra dough go up the sides of the pan. Cut a few decorative steam slits into the top of the dough.
Place in oven and bake 35–40 minutes or until pastry has risen and browned.
(You may wish to reheat at a later time. To do this, take the pie out of the oven before the pastry puff dough is completely browned. Cool and refrigerate, covered, until you are ready to serve. After cooling, you may also freeze to reheat later.)
Make additional gravy to serve over pie and mashed potatoes, if served alongside the pie.
Serving suggestions: Serve alongside mashed potatoes and roasted vegetables.

Submitter: 
Dale Tadlock
Description: 
This recipe for Steak Pie is adapted from the recipe used by Janice, the former cook at the Falcon Pub in Stirling, Scotland. Passed on to my sister-in-law, Cara, by Janice and then to us, this Steak Pie is a traditional Boxing Day favorite of the Brown family. (Now, it's a favorite of our family as well.)
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
4.5 h
Number of servings: 
9
Nutritional Facts:
NA
