URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64623405/sorghum-buddha-bowl/
Title:
Sorghum Buddha Bowl Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/4460498.jpg
Ingredients:
1 cup cooked sorghum grains
2 Tbsp olive oil, divided
1 cup cubed butternut squash
1 cup Brussels sprouts
1 leek, stalks trimmed
1 small head radicchio
1 jalapeno
2 Tbsp sesame seeds
1 cup cooked black beans
For the dressing:
1 Tbsp brown miso
1 Tbsp white rice vinegar
2 Tbsp sesame oil
1 Tbsp toasted sesame oil
1 tsp fresh grated ginger

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 200°C. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.
Trim the outside leaves off the Brussels sprouts and cut them in half (if they are large, cut them into quarters). Place them in a bowl. Add the butternut squash cubes.
Wearing gloves, cut the jalapeno in half, lengthwise and remove the seeds. Add the jalapeno halves to the bowl. Add the sesame seeds and 1 Tbsp olive oil. Toss the vegetables so they are coated evenly with oil and sesame seeds.
Cut the radicchio into eighths and arrange the sections on the baking sheet leaving room for the other vegetables.  Cut the leek in half, lengthwise. Lay the two pieces on the baking sheet. Mix the vegetables in the bowl one last time amd arrange them on the baking sheet where all the vegetables are in a single layer. Drizzle 1 tbsp of oil over the radicchio and leeks. Bake until the radicchio and leek are wilted and browned. About 10 minutes. Remove from the pan and allow the other vegetables to roast and brown. Another 5-10 minutes. Slice the jalapeno into thin strips.
Meanwhile, mix together the dressing. Put the miso, vinegar, sesame oils, and fresh ginger into a small bowl and whisk well.
Put the sorghum in a bowl. Arrange the roasted vegetables on top. Add the black beans on top. Drizzle the dressing over everything. Enjoy.

Submitter: 
Buckwheat Queen
Description: 
Sorghum grains, roasted vegetables, black beans, and a tangy miso dressing make up a filling meal in a bowl.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
NA
