URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64623011/grandmas-turkey-soup---low-carbgluten-free/
Title:
Grandma's Turkey Soup - Low Carb/Gluten Free Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/4459290.jpg
Ingredients:
6 cups home made turkey broth (or boxed to save time)
24 oz. diced/shredded cooked turkey
1 Small head of cabbage,
3 or 4 carrots, peeled & sliced
1 Small onion, coarsely chopped
3 celery ribs, sliced
14.5 oz. Muir Glen organic diced tomatoes, fire roasted, with juice (or lowest carb diced tomatoes you can find)
1 chicken bullion cube (gluten free, no sugar)
1 beef bullion cube (gluten free, no sugar)
1 tsp ground Thyme
1 tsp Herbs de Provence
Salt & Pepper to taste

Directions:
Boil a turkey carcass for at least 2 hours, longer if you have time.  As soon as the broth cools, remove the large bones, and refrigerate the broth overnight.  In the morning skim off any fat that has risen to the surface and solidified.
Place a large strainer/colander in a big mixing bowl in the sink.  Have the soup pot ready on the counter.  Pour the broth/bones/meat into that and lift it to remove all of the solids from your broth.  Pour the broth back into the soup pot and return it to the stove.
Get another medium size bowl and start pulling the meat from the bones in the colander.  Cut or shred it as you go.  Set aside when done.
Chop and measure all of your vegetables, and start adding them to the soup pot, which you now need to turn on at medium heat.  Add the tomatoes and turkey meat.  Add the water and, bullion and spices.  Bring to a full boil, then reduce to simmer, and leave on simmer for at least 1 hours (2 hours is better).  Check the flavor and add any more seasoning, if needed.
Divide into serving bowls and serve.
Leftovers may be frozen.
TIP:  Freeze leftovers in individual servings, marked with the name and number of carbs before freezing.  This way you have a prepared meal to pull right out of the freezer and heat in the microwave when you need something quick.
NUTRITION:  estimates per serving based on exact ingredients I used, calculated with a free online recipe analyzer.  Calories 116, Total Fat 2 g, Saturated Fat 0 g, Total Carbohydrate 10 g, Dietary Fiber 2 g, NET CARBS 8g, Sugars 6 g, Protein 15 g.
NOTE:  This is a very low fat soup, so you may want to serve with buttered low carb biscuit or crackers to improve macros.

Submitter: 
Auntrocky
Description: 
This is a very hearty soup, based on my grandmother's turkey soup recipe with a couple of modifications to make it low carb.  Servings are a generous size, about 1.5 cups.  SUITABLE FOR:  gluten free, Atkins, keto, lchf, low carb, diabetic, low glycemic, dairy free.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
