URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64622912/aunt-rockyss-beef-stew-with-lupin-flour/
Title:
Aunt Rockys's Beef Stew with Lupin Flour Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/4458851.jpg
Ingredients:
3 Tbsp. bacon grease, divided
1 lb. beef stew meat, diced
3 Tbsp. Lopino Lupin flour*
32 oz. Trader Joe Beef Stock (1 box)
3 oz. green beans, chopped
2 large celery stalks, sliced
2 oz. baby carrots sliced (omit for induction)
1.5 oz. shallot, diced (1 large shallot)
6 oz. daikon, diced (weigh after peeling)
1/4 cup yellow onion, chopped
2 tsp. Herb Ox granulated beef bouillon
Dash of Herbs du Provence
Salt & Pepper to taste
1/4 - 1/2 tsp. glucomannan (optional, for thickening)
* Lupin is a legume, and may cause a reaction in some people with peanut or legume allergies.  In this recipe, try using flax meal, oat fiber, or coconut flour for thickening in place of the lupin flour.

Directions:
Prepare all of the vegetables before you begin.  Daikon has a very fibrous skin that goes a little deeper than a potato skin.  I recommend "triple peeling" it with a vegetable peeler (go 3 strokes with the peeler in each section to get all of the fibrous layer off).
In a large skillet, melt 1 Tbsp. of the bacon grease and brown the stew meat.  Add the shallot and cook just until shallot begins to soften.
While the meat is browning, begin the roux in a soup pot.  Melt the other 2 Tbsp. of bacon grease and add the lupin flour.  Mix well.  At this point the mixture will be quite thin.  (It does not brown.) It takes a few minutes for the lupin flour to thicken.  Once it thickens, add some of the beef stock and whisk until smooth.  Add the remaining beef stock, and all of the remaining ingredients.
When the meat and shallots are ready, add to soup pot, along with any pan juices.  Bring to boil, taste for seasoning and adjust if needed.  Reduce heat to low, and allow to simmer for about 1.5 hours, or until meat is very soft.
If you want a thicker stew, once it's finished cooking sprinkle the glucomannan lightly over the top, stir in,  and allow to cook a little longer to thicken a bit more.  Start with 1/4 tsp.  If you want it more thickened, add another 1/4 tsp.
Makes 5 servings of approximately 1.5 cups.
TIPS:  If you want to increase the fats even more, add a 1/2 tablespoon of butter to each bowl when serving (not included in nutritional counts below).  You can substitute other low carb veggies you have on hand for any of those listed, although doing so would likely change the nutritional counts.
NUTRITION:  estimates per serving based on exact ingredients I used, calculated with a free online recipe analyzer.  Calories 227, Total Fat 14 g, Saturated Fat 8 g, Sodium 451 mg, Potassium 183 mg, Total Carbohydrate 8 g, Dietary Fiber 3 g, NET CARBS 5g, Sugars 4 g, Protein 16 g.  MACROS:  60% fat, 30% protein, 10% carbs
© December 22, 2016  Roxana Lopez

Submitter: 
Auntrocky
Description: 
A generous serving of beef stew for only 5 net carbs!  This stew is very tasty, and the lupin flour is not at all gritty.  It adds a yellow color and a little different flavor, giving a slightly sweet finish to the stew.   SUITABLE FOR:  gluten free, Atkins, keto, lchf, low carb, diabetic, low glycemic, dairy free.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
5
Nutritional Facts:
NA
