URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64624157/brown-rice-buddha-bowl/
Title:
Brown Rice Buddha Bowl Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/4461532.jpg
Ingredients:
For the rice:
1 cup long grain brown rice, rinsed
3 cups of water
1/2 tsp salt
For the dressing:
1 Tbsp dried Thai basil
1 tsp minced hot chilis
1 lime, juiced
1 Tbsp sesame oil
2 Tbsp olive oil
For the vegetables:
2 Tbsp white sesame seeds
100 grams snow peas
1 small bell pepper
16 ears of baby corn
1 cup grated carrots
1 cup cooked chickpeas, drained
200 grams firm, natural tofu
1/8 cup fresh coriander, chopped
2 green onions, cut into diagonal pieces

Directions:
Put the rinsed brown rice, salt, and water in a pressure cooker. Close and secure the lid. Cook for 10 minutes from the initial whistle.
Whisk together the Thai basil, hot chilis, lime juice, sesame oil, and olive oil. Set aside.
Meanwhile, begin toasting the sesame seeds over medium-low heat in a non-stick skillet. Stir occasionally to ensure even and thorough browning.
Dice the bell pepper. Set aside. Cut the baby corn into bite sized pieces and set aside.
Cut the tofu into strips. Set aside.
Once the sesame seeds are toasted, put them in a separate bowl. Put the skillet back onto the burner and
lightly cook the snow peas. Using a non-stick skillet, no oil is needed.
Once the snow peas are cooked, remove them from the heat source and allow to cool.
Use the natural release method for the rice. Drain remaining water from the rice and put it in a large bowl.
Add the diced bell pepper, grated carrots, chopped baby corn, chickpeas, and tofu strips.
Cut the snow peas into strips and add those to the bowl.
Drizzle the dressing over the entire bowl and toss to mix and coat. Top with toasted sesame seeds,  fresh coriander, and green onions.
**I prefer cooking rice in a pressure cooker. If you want, use your preferred method instead.

Submitter: 
Buckwheat Queen
Description: 
A fresh and crisp meal in one. Brown rice, vegetables, tofu and chickpeas are topped with a spicy Thai basil dressing and toasted sesame seeds.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
