URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64621576/aunt-rockys-cranberry-cream-cheese-crumble-lchf-glutengrain-free/
Title:
Aunt Rocky's Cranberry Cream Cheese Crumble (lchf, gluten/grain free) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/4435907.jpg
Ingredients:
CRUST & TOPPING:
1/2 cup almond flour
1/2 cup oat fiber
1/4 cup erythritol sweetener
2 Tbsp coconut flour
1/2 tsp baking powder
1/2 cup cold butter, cubed (1 stick)
CRANBERRY FILLING:
1/4 cup Aunt Rocky's Sugar Free Cranberry Orange Sauce  (separate recipe), or any sugar free jam
CREAM CHEESE FILLING:
4 ounces Organic Valley Cultured cream cheese, softened
1 Tbsp Swerve Confectioners (or liquid sweetener of choice)
1/4 tsp vanilla extract

Directions:
Preheat oven to 375F.  Grease a glass 11x7 inch baking pan generously with butter and set aside.
In a medium mixing bowl, whisk all of the dry crust ingredients to break up any lumps.  Cube the chilled butter and drop into the crust mix.  Use a pastry cutter, 2 knives, or your fingers to work the butter into the dough until you have fine crumbles.  There may be some bits of butter not covered with flour, but that's allright.  You just want to be sure all of the flour has been worked until it clings to the butter.
Transfer half of the crust recipe (or a little more) to the baking dish.  Press it flat, covering the entire bottom of the pan.  Bake for 7 minutes.  Edges may be starting to brown, but the crust will still be somewhat soft.
Spread the cranberry sauce layer over the crust all the way to the edges.  It will be a thin layer.
Make the cream cheese filling. Cube the cream cheese into a small microwave safe bowl, and soften in the microwave.  Start with about 20 seconds, and go a few seconds more at a time if needed. You want it to be soft enough to stir, but not melted.  Add the sweetener and vanilla, mix well.  Drop dollops of the cream cheese filling over the cranberry layer, and carefully spread with the back of the spoon, trying to cover the entire baking dish.
Sprinkle the remaining crust mixture over the top.  Bake for an additional 10-12 minutes, or until the top crumble is beginning to brown.
Place on cooling rack until completely cooled.  Cover and refrigerate to finish setting up.  When completely chilled and set up, cut into 12 pieces, and serve.  If desired, warm each serving a bit in the microwave after plating.
Optional:  Top with sugar free whipped cream, or serve warm with low carb ice cream.
Store leftovers in the refrigerator or freezer.
Nutritional estimates per serving based on exact ingredients I used, calculated with a free online recipe analyzer:  Calories 134, Total Fat 13 g, Saturated Fat 7 g, Sodium 92 mg, Potassium 2 mg, Total Carbohydrate 3 g, Dietary Fiber 1 g, NET CARBS:  2g, Sugars 1 g, Protein 2 g.  MACROS:  88% fat, 6% protein, 6% carbs.

Submitter: 
Auntrocky
Description: 
A simple and easily customized dessert bar.  LCHF, low carb, gluten free, Atkins, Keto, and diabetic friendly.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
