URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64622948/italian-meatballs/
Title:
Italian Meatballs Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
The following ingredients need to be chopped into small pieces:
½ onion
1 x carrot
1 x celery branch
2 x cans finely chopped tomatoes
600g mixed pork & veal mince
2 garlic cloves
Bunch of fresh parsley (chopped)
Block of parmesan cheese (Parmigiano Reggiano or Grana Padano – at least 150g)
4 slices of bread (try to use a fresh loaf)
4 tablespoons breadcrumbs
4 large eggs
3 large white potatoes, cut into small cubes
Bowl of water
Extra virgin olive oil
Salt and Pepper

Directions:
1. Cut the crusts from the bread slices and put the white parts, whole, into the bowl of water.
VINCENZO’S TIP: Bread is the secret to making the meatballs super soft so don’t miss this step
2. Fill the medium size pot with water, dropping the chopped potatoes inside. Place it on the stove and leave to boil at a medium heat.
3. Once this begins boiling, leave it to cook for 10 minutes (watch that they don’t overcook as you don’t want them to be “smashed potatoes!”).
4. Drain the potatoes into a colander, getting rid of any excess water and leave them to the side. If they are ready well ahead of time, rinse them under cold water for a couple of minutes to stop the cooking process any further.
THE SAUCE:
1. Put one of the pans on to the stove at a medium heat and drizzle 4 tablespoons of extra virgin olive oil into it.
2. Add onion, celery and carrot and stir fry until they begin to turn lightly golden, stirring them regularly.
3. Once they begin to colour (after approx. 5 minutes) add the finely chopped tomoatoes, one can at a time.
4. Stir this through well, letting it cook for another 5 minutes then turn the heat down to low and add half of the chopped parsley (you can also use Basil instead).
5. Stir the parsley into the mixture then cover it. Return to stir every so often so all the flavours infuse into the sauce.
THE MEATBALLS:
1. Put the mince into a bowl and using a fork, press down on the meat with the bottom of it, turning it over and repeating.
2. Crack four eggs into the mixture, beat them well and mix them into the meat.
3. Chop the garlic cloves really fine, and chop up the remaining parsley a little more before adding both to the mince.
4. Next, add 4 tablespoons of breadcrumbs and mix well.
5. Grate 150g of Parmigiano Reggiano on top (
6. Squeeze all of the excess water out of the pieces of bread and then break each one into small pieces and add it to your meatballs mix too.
7. Sprinkle some salt and pepper over the top and mix everything together with a fork.
8. Now it’s time to assemble!
ASSEMBLING & COOKING THE MEATBALLS:
1. Get a palm full of ingredients (or less, depending on the size you want to make) and roll them into a ball.
2. Make as many meatballs as you can using all of your mixture and try to make them all more or less the same size as this will ensure they all cook through at the same time...

Submitter: 
Christine Denstaedt
Description: 
Italian Meatballs are part of the Bible of Italian food. Meatballs are one of those dishes you simply MUST learn how to make, and once you find a recipe you love, you will be making meatballs every chance you get. My meatballs recipe is tender, juicy and bursting with flavor (and the accompanying sauce is finger licking good too!). Best meatballs ever.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
