URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64620869/pumpkin-cream-cheese-bundt-cake/
Title:
Pumpkin Cream Cheese Bundt Cake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/4422656.jpg
Ingredients:
Pumpkin Cake:
2 3/4 cup all-purpose flour
2 tsps baking soda
1/2 tsp salt
2 tsps ground cinnamon
1/2 tsp ground ginger
1/2 tsp ground nutmeg
1/2 tsp ground allspice
3/4 tsp ground cloves
1 (15oz) can pumpkin puree (NOT Pumpkin Pie Filling)
1 cup packed dark brown sugar
3/4 cup maple syrup
1/2 cup butter, melted and cooled
1/4 cup sour cream
1/4 cup heavy cream
4 eggs
1 tsp vanilla extract
Cream Cheese Filling:
12 oz softened cream cheese
1/4 cup granulated sugar
1 egg
1/2 tsp vanilla extract

Directions:
1. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees, and generously grease a 12-cup bundt cake pan.
2. Pumpkin Cake: In a large bowl, whisk together flour, baking soda, salt, cinnamon, ginger, nutmeg, allspice, and cloves. Set aside.
3. In a separate large bowl, whisk together the pumpkin puree, melted butter, and brown sugar until combined. Whisk in sour cream until no lumps remain. Then add in the heavy cream, maple syrup, eggs, and vanilla extract and whisk until completely incorporated.
4. Gradually add in the flour mixture to the pumpkin mixture until just combined (try to get rid of most of the lumps, but do not overmix). Batter will be somewhat thick. Set batter aside while you make the cream cheese filling.
5. Cream Cheese Filling: In a medium bowl, whip the softened cream cheese on medium-high speed until smooth. Mix in the sugar, egg, and vanilla at medium-high speed until thoroughly combined and the mixture is smooth.
6. Take the prepared 12-cup bundt cake pan and pour in half of the pumpkin cake batter. Take the cream cheese filling and spoon it over the batter; trying to avoid touching the cream cheese mixture to the side or center column of the pan  (you want it to be as much in the center of the cake batter as possible). Pour the remaining pumpkin cake batter over the top of the cream cheese filling. Smooth the top gently with a spatula.
7. Bake cake at 350 degrees for 55-65 minutes, or until a bamboo skewer inserted into the center of the cake comes out fairly clean, with only a few moist crumbs on it.  Allow cake to cool for about 30 minutes before inverting the pan onto a wire rack. Allow cake to cool completely on the wire rack before serving.

Submitter: 
Kim
Description: 
This is more of a pumpkin bread with a cream cheese center, then it is a true cake; but it's delicious nevertheless. It's not overly sweet, and goes great with a cup of coffee. It also seems to taste better the next day, as the spices seem to come out a little more, the longer the cake sits.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
