URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64624401/low-carb-cauliflower-potato-salad/
Title:
Low Carb Cauliflower "Potato" Salad Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
•	1 head cauliflower, cored and cut into bite sized pieces [12]
•	3 tablespoons skim milk
•	¼ cup plain, non-fat Greek yogurt
•	¼ cup light mayonnaise
•	2 tablespoons white vinegar
•	1 tablespoon yellow mustard
•	1 teaspoon celery seeds
•	¼ teaspoon salt
•	black pepper, to taste
•	4 hard-boiled eggs [13], minus 2 yolks, all diced
•	½ cup diced celery
•	2 green onions, thinly sliced

Directions:
1.	Bring about 2-3 inches of water to a boil in a large pot and place a steam basket with the cauliflower florets over it. The steam from the water will cook the cauliflower in about 5-7 minutes. Cook until fork-tender.
2.	You can also steam the cauliflower in the microwave by placing the florets in a large, microwave-safe bowl and adding enough water to just cover the bottom of the bowl. Cover the bowl with plastic wrap and poke some holes in the top. Microwave for 3-4 minutes, or until fork-tender.
3.	Transfer about ½ cup of the cauliflower to a high-speed blender or food processor with 2-3 tablespoons of skim milk. You just need enough milk to loosen the cauliflower up. Blend into a thick puree, then set aside.
4.	Transfer the remainder of the hot cauliflower to a colander and run cold water over it to halt the cooking. Set aside to let the water drain.
5.	In a large mixing bowl, whisk together the yogurt, mayonnaise, vinegar, mustard, celery seeds, salt, and pepper.
6.	Gently fold in the cooled and drained cauliflower florets, eggs, celery, and green onions.
7.	Next, fold in the pureed cauliflower, and season with salt and pepper to taste.
8.	Refrigerate for at least 30 minutes before serving, so the salad gets cold and the flavors meld.

Submitter: 
pschelf
Description: 
Substitute Cauliflower for Potatoes in this low carb recipe
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20
Ready in:
45
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
