URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64620784/mushroom-sliders/
Title:
Mushroom Sliders Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
8 Mini Hamburger Buns
1 English Cucumber (thinly sliced)
1 Tomato (thinly sliced, quartered)
2 oz. Butter Lettuce (shredded; washed; dried)
8 slices Pickles
8 oz. Mushrooms (thinly sliced)
2 cloves Garlic (minced)
6 tablespoons Olive Oil
1/4 cup Water
1/4 cup Oyster Sauce

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees Fahrenheit.
Drizzle up to 4 tablespoons of Olive Oil on the hamburger buns. *Enough oil to incorporate the flavor and to moisten the bun, but not too much to the point where it is sogging.
Cover the top of a baking sheet with aluminum foil and place hamburger buns on top.
Place baking sheet into the oven and let it cook for about 8 minutes until the side of the hamburger bun that is facing the foil becomes golden brown.
Flip buns over and cook for about 5 more minutes for the other side to become golden brown.
Meanwhile, heat remaining olive oil in a small pan over medium heat.
When hot, place garlic in pan and cook for 30 seconds. The oil should make sounds when garlic is placed in the pan if hot.
Place mushrooms in pan and quickly add water alongside it and simmer for about 3 minutes, stirring constantly.
When mushrooms are cooked (should notice a shrink in size), mix in Oyster Sauce. Cook for an additional minute.
To build the burger, start with the base of the bun and build up.
Start by placing a decent layer of butter lettuce on the bun. Then, add a slice of cucumber, a piece of tomato, and a slice of pickle, and finally a tablespoon of the mushroom.
Top with the top bun, and repeat for subsequent sliders.

Submitter: 
Alex Mei
Description: 
Healthy vegetarian delight that is great as an appetizer, main entree, or snack, loaded with nutrition. Every bite is bursting with flavor from the assorted fruits/veggies incorporated into this simple but delicious dish!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 min
Ready in:
1 hr
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
