URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64621891/aunt-rockys-all-purpose-low-carb-tortilla-lchf-glutengrain-free/
Title:
Aunt Rocky's All Purpose Low Carb Tortilla (lchf, gluten/grain free) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/4444803.jpg
Ingredients:
2 Tbsp whole psyllium husks (use only whole husk, not powder)
1 Tbsp Bob's Red Mill coconut flour
2 Tbsp Nu Naturals oat fiber [I trust this brand to be gluten free]
1 Tbsp. Lupin flour (optional, but improves texture)
2 tsp. Bob's Red Mill Golden Flax Meal
1 tsp. baking powder
1/8 tsp NuSalt (or 1/4 tsp. salt)
1-1/2 tsp granulated garlic
1/4 tsp. dried cilantro flakes (or other seasoning)
2 cup All Whites Liquid Egg Whites (1 small carton)
2 tsp. Bragg's unfiltered apple cider vinegar
1/4 cup water, divided, as needed

Directions:
Mix all of the dry ingredients well in a medium bowl (I use a 4 cup glass measuring bowl).  Add the egg whites and vinegar, and mix well.  Set aside to thicken for 5 minutes.
While your mixture thickens, tear paper towels down to make your separators for each cooked tortilla:  4  regular paper towels torn into quarters, or 7 "pick a size" towels torn in 1/2.  Set on counter. Get a plate to stack your cooked tortillas, place near paper towels.  Get your 7" non-skillet and cooking spray ready.  Set out a large cooling rack (or 2 small racks).
Warm a 7" non-stick skillet thoroughly on medium heat, spray with cooking spray (do not skip this step or they will stick!).  Pan will continue to heat as you go along, so you may need to reduce your heat a bit after cooking a few tortillas.
Using a 1/4 cup measure, ladle a scant 1/4c. of batter into your hot skillet and quickly swirl into a tortilla shape.  Use the back of your measure cup to help shape the edges, if you need to.  Put the pan back on the heat and cook side 1 until the edges begin to dry and begin to brown a bit.  Run the corner of the thinnest spatula you have gently around the under side of the wrap to loosen it from the pan, working your way gently toward the center, then flip.  Side one will look all uniform in color, like a pancake.  Side 2, will come out looking more like a tortilla (as in the photo).
When side 2 is lightly browned, flip the tortilla again and cook about 15 more seconds on side 1.  Then flip and give side 2 another 15 seconds or so. The purpose is to help the tortilla dry out without overcooking or burning it.  Remove to cooling rack, and allow to cool completely before stacking on the plate.
Spray your pan again, and make another one.  Repeat until you've used all of the batter.  I got 14 wraps out of this recipe, each about 7" in diameter (a little larger than a corn tortilla).  Batter will thicken as it sits.  Add 1-2 Tbsp. water now and then if it gets too thick to spread around the pan quickly.
These wraps fit perfectly in a quart size freezer bag, or Ziploc XL sandwich bag.  Leave the paper towel dividers in for storage.  May be stored in refrigerator for up to 10 days, or in freezer for months.
TIP:  You can roll a wrap up, and cut VERY thin slices to use as noodles.  They work great in soups or with sauces.  I've used for spaghetti noodles, and frozen the leftovers with sauce on them.  The noodles were fine when defrosted and reheated. These travel well, as they can be defrosted and refrozen without drying out.
NUTRITION:  estimates per serving based on exact ingredients I used, calculated with a free online recipe analyzer.  Calories 30, Total Fat 0 g, Saturated Fat 0 g, Sodium 64 mg, Potassium 101 mg, Total Carbohydrate 2 g, Dietary Fiber 2 g, NET CARBS:  0

Submitter: 
Auntrocky
Description: 
These wraps are very pliable.  Use for tacos, quesadillas, roll up and slice thin for noodles (or cut wide for lasagna). They are sturdy enough to handle a lot of filling, and travel well.  May be frozen.  SUITABLE FOR:  gluten free, Atkins, keto, lchf, low carb, diabetic, low glycemic, dairy free
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
5 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
14
Nutritional Facts:
NA
