URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64620226/pasta-for-kitchen-aide/
Title:
Pasta for Kitchen Aide Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 cups semolina flour
2 cups all-purpose flour
2 large eggs, well beaten
1 tablespoon extra virgin olive oil
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 cup cold water

Directions:
Combine the semolina flour, all purpose flour, and salt in a large bowl. Whisk, then set aside.
In a separate bowl, combine the eggs & beat well with a fork.
Add extra-virgin olive oil to the eggs and mix with a fork.
Add the cold water to the egg & olive oil mixture, and mix with a fork.
Pour the liquid ingredients into your mixer bowl and attach the flat beater.
Add half of the sifted flour mixture, turn to speed 2 and mix 20 seconds.
Add the rest of the sifted flour mixture and mix an additional 20 seconds.
Exchange flat beater for the dough hook.
Turn to speed 2 and knead for 2 to 3 minutes, until a dough ball is formed.
Remove dough from bowl and hand-knead for 2 to 3 minutes. NOTE: Good pasta dough should be elastic and pliable, but FIRM (not soft like bread dough). It should not stick to your fingers or fall apart. To test for the correct consistency, pinch a small amount of dough together after kneading for 2 to 3 minutes -- if the dough stays together without sticking to your fingers or falling apart, it should work well. If too soft, add more flour by dusting the top of the dough and knead some more, continuing to dust the dough with flour until achieving the right consistency. If too dry, wet your hands and knead some more, continuing to wet your hands a little at a time & knead until the right consistency.
Wrap dough in plastic wrap and put in the refrigerator for a minimum of 1 hour (this step is important).

Submitter: 
scott_ma
Description: 
Pasta recipe that works for the KitchenAide
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
120
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
