URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64623276/cheeseburger-and-pickle-soup/
Title:
Cheeseburger and Pickle Soup Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 lb lean ground beef, cooked and drained
1 med yellow onion, diced
2 cloves garlic, minced
1 cup ketchup
1 cup mustard
3lbs shredded cheese (I use mild cheddar but any kind of cheese, even cubed Velveeta, is fine)
4 cups chicken stock (more or less depending on consistency you prefer)
1 cup Dill pickles, chopped fine (save ¼ cup pickle juice)
1 stick of butter
Salt and pepper
Cayenne pepper

Directions:
Over med-high heat, cook ground beef until done.
Drain excess fat off and set aside.
In sauté pan, cook onions 4-5 min over med heat until caramelized.
Add garlic to onions and sauté another minute.
Add in beef, ketchup and mustard.
Cook another minute, stirring frequently.
Add in stock and let simmer about 10-15min, stirring occasionally.
While soup is simmering, melt butter in a separate pot.
Once melted, slowly add in cheese to make a cheesy roux base (if you add cheese directly into the broth, it will not properly melt).
Once your cheese roux is completely melted and smooth, slowly add to broth stirring frequently.
Add in a dash of cayenne pepper (I give it two dashes).
Simmer another 10-15 minutes over med-low heat.
Add in your chopped pickles and pickle juice, and stir.
Pickles are to taste, I like a lot of pickles but you can use less and/or omit the juice if it’s too “pickley” for your taste.
Salt and pepper to taste.
Depending on your preference for soup consistency, you can add more stock in to make it a little soupier, or you can simmer a little longer to make it thicker.
Remove from heat.  Garnish w/ a dollop of sour cream and/or more pickles (I like more chopped pickles in mine, personally :)
I've tried this recipe w/ a 1/2 cup of shredded carrots as well, added in with the onions and beef.  I prefer without the carrots, but it was fine as well.  I've also added in riced cauliflower.

Submitter: 
momscaasi
Description: 
This is a classic cheeseburger soup but with a unique twist; adding dill pickles.  It sounds a little strange but if you love dill pickles on your cheeseburger, this recipe is a must!  I had it at a restaurant once and fell in love, and I've been perfecting it ever since.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
