URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64621537/pigs-in-sleeping-bags/
Title:
Pigs in Sleeping Bags Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/4434889.jpg
Ingredients:
2 TBSP unsalted butter
1/2 cup minced shallot
4 garlic cloves minced
6 TBSP panko breadcrumbs
6 TBSP milk
15oz can sauerkraut (Bavarian)
2 TBSP Dijon Mustard
3/4 tsp caraway seeeds (toasted and lightly crushed)
Salt
Pepper
1 lb ground pork
1/2 package phyllo dough
1 large egg
1 TBSP water

Directions:
Preheat oven to 425
Melt butter in skillet and add shallot.  Sauté over medium heat for 4-5 min or until soft.  Add garlic and heat for additional 1 min careful not to burn garlic or shallot.  Place in large mixing bowl to cool.
Combine panko bread crumbs and milk and let stand 2-3 min.
Wring out sauerkraut removing all excess liquid.  Coursely chop and place in bowl with shallots and garlic.
Stir in mustard and caraway seeds.  Season to taste with salt and pepper.
Add pork and breadcrumb mixture and mix with hands or large spoon.  Do not over mix.
Line backing sheet with parchment paper.  Unroll phyllo dough and cut in half length wise and cut in half width wise to end up with 4 piles of phyllo dough sheets.
Add approximately 1-2 TBSP of meat mixture to end of small dough sheet and roll.  Fold ends under and place on baking sheet seam side down.  Continue until all dough sheets are used or you run out of mixture.  You should be really close to using all of both.
Stab each roll in the middle with paring knife to allow steam to escape.
Mix egg and water together and using pastry brush, brush the tops of each sausage roll.
Place in 425 oven for 15 min and then lower temp to 350 and bake additional 20 min.  Remove from oven let cool slightly and serve with Dijon or regular yellow mustard.

Submitter: 
droach3
Description: 
Great appetizer!  Nice base recipe that you could alter to make any style you want.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
