URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64629339/monte-cristo-with-strawberry-jam-sandwich-toast/
Title:
Monte Cristo with Strawberry Jam Sandwich Toast Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
4 slices bread
1 Tbsp butter
2 eggs
3 Tbsp milk
2 slices cheese
2 slices ham
1/2 Tbsp grain mustard
1 Tbsp mayonnaise
strawberry jam (topping)
honey (topping)

Directions:
Spread mustard on one side of 2 slices of bread.
Next, add the mayonnaise and spread evenly on the bread.
Add the sliced cheese then ham on top and top with another slice of bread. Cut the bread crusts off the 4 sides of the bread.
In a wide deep plate, add milk and egg then whisk well.
Place the sandwich in the plate with the milk and egg mixture then let the bread absorb the liquid. Turn over the sandwich so that the other side of bread will absorb the mixture. This process will take about 10-20 minutes.
Preheat the sandwich maker. While waiting for the sandwich maker to reheat, melt butter in a microwave. Avoid burning the butter so take it from the microwave once it starts to melt. I've used 600W and the butter started melting in less than a minute.
When your sandwich maker is ready, apply butter on both sides of the sandwich plates. Use cooking brush to avoid burning yourself.
Place the sandwiches on the sandwich maker then toast for 5 minutes or until the outer surface has browned and is crispy.
Remove the sandwich toasts from the sandwich maker, slice and place in a serving plate.
Add strawberry jam as toppings and drizzle with honey (you can also use maple syrup).

Submitter: 
Pearl Ishizaki
Description: 
I've always used a pan whenever I have the chance to cook this sandwich but this time I tried cooking it in a sandwich maker. The result was a crispy, hot and thin sandwich which is much easier to eat. I like it so much and I think I will cook Monte Cristo in a sandwich maker from now on. I wouldn't mind cleaning the sandwich maker afterwards because it is worth it.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
NA
