URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64622629/aunt-rockys-balsamic-dijon-glazed-pork-tenderloin/
Title:
Aunt Rocky's Balsamic & Dijon Glazed Pork Tenderloin Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/4457993.jpg
Ingredients:
1.5 lbs. Hormel Pork Tenderloin, unseasoned
1 Tbsp. cooking oil
3 Tbsp. Balsamic Vinegar
1.5 Tbsp Grey Poupon Dijon Mustard
1 tsp. Christopher Ranch Chopped Garlic
1 tsp. salt
1/2 tsp. coarse ground pepper
1/2 tsp. ground thyme
For saute pan:
1 Tbsp cooking oil

Directions:
Open Pork Tenderloin, rinse and pat dry.  Place in 1 gallon zip-loc bag.
Mix all marinade ingredients in small cup or bowl.  Add to bag.  Shake or squeeze well to get the tenderloin completely coated with the marinade.  Return to refrigerator for at least 30 minutes, preferably 2 hours (can even be done overnight).
Preheat oven to 350F.
While oven is heating, place remaining 1 Tbsp. oil in an oven proof deep skillet.  Heat skillet to medium-high.  Transfer tenderloin to hot skillet, reserving the marinade. Sear the tenderloin well on all sides.  Leave in skillet (or transfer to foil lined baking sheet) and bake 30-40 minutes.  Check at 30 minutes, and for best results don't overcook.  Use an instant read thermometer, and remove roast from oven when it reaches 145F.  (It is no longer necessary to cook pork until well done.  Today's pork is safe from parasites, and can be cooked to medium, so a little pink in the middle is not only okay, but it helps keep your tenderloin from drying out by cooking it too long.)
Move roast to cutting board, and allow to rest at least 5 minutes (10 is better) before slicing to serve.  This helps retain the juices so they don't all run out while the roast is fresh from the oven.
While roast is resting, pour the remaining marinade into the skillet you used to sear the tenderloin.  Bring to boil and stir constantly until the marinade reduces and thickens.  Drizzle marinade over sliced tenderloin and serve.
NUTRITION:  estimates per serving based on exact ingredients I used, calculated with a free online recipe analyzer.  Calories 172, Total Fat 9 g, Saturated Fat 2 g, Total Carbohydrate 2 g, Dietary Fiber 0 g, NET CARBS: 2g, Sugars 1 g, Protein 20 g. MACROS:  48% fat, 47% protein, 5% carbs
© December 5, 2016 Roxana Lopez

Submitter: 
Auntrocky
Description: 
This is a great dish for a work night.  It can be set up to marinate overnight the night before cooking.  Then pop in the oven for about 30 minutes for an easy weeknight meal.  SUITABLE FOR:  gluten free, Atkins, keto, lchf, low carb, diabetic, low glycemic, dairy free
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
2 hrs
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
