URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64627169/acid-extraction-of-collagen-from-lamb-tendon/
Title:
Acid Extraction of Collagen from Lamb Tendon Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
10 grams Lamb tendon
2.5 L 0.5M acetic acid solution
10% w/v NaCL solution

Directions:
1.	The tendon is likely covered in a layer of other tissue. Remove the sheath and just use the tendon (white).
2.	Cut or mince the tendon into small pieces.
3.	For the Initial extraction:
a.	Prepare 250 ml of 0.5M acetic acid solution per gram of tendon prepared in step 2.
b.	Mix the acid solution with the minced tendon and stir for 48 hours.
4.	Centrifuge the suspension at 10,000xg for 30 minutes.
5.	Separate pellet and supernatant. If you are not doing the fibril extraction, you may discard the pellet.
a.	For fibril extraction, please refer to the original document. We usually skip this step.
b.	For molecular extraction, add an equal volume of 10% w/v NaCl to the supernatant and stir for 1 hour. Currently, we add a smaller volume of higher concentration salt solution, but the important part is that the final solution is 5% w/v NaCl.
6.	In order to remove the salted out collagen from solution, centrifuge solution at 10,000xg for 30 minutes. Discard supernatant and save the pellets.
Note: usually, the salted collagen should be easily collectable without centrifuging and you can simply scoop it out of the solution and skip this step.
7.	Re-dissolve the pellet in 0.25M acetic acid for 24 hours. The volume of the solution should be approximately 1/2 of the volume of the solution in step 5.
Note: to get the salted pellets to dissolve completely, you might need to add more 0.25 M acetic acid to the solution. It’s useful to measure the concentration in this step to avoid diluting the solution to less than ~3 mg/ml. You can increase the concentration of the acid if necessary, as long as the pH of the solution doesn’t go below 3.
8.	Dialyze against 6-8 changes of 17.5mM acetic acid, with at least 1 hour between water changes.
9.	Measure the concentration and label the solution. The product is an acidic collagen solution, which can be stored in 4C for many days.

Submitter: 
Wistopher Walken
Description: 
Type  1 collagen is extracted from lamb tendons through acid dissolution of the sample and subsequent purification.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
12 h
Ready in:
60 h
Number of servings: 
1
Nutritional Facts:
NA
