URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64624286/aunt-rockys-rich-microwave-chocolate-pudding-lchf-sugar-free-gluten-free-keto/
Title:
Aunt Rocky's Rich Microwave Chocolate Pudding (lchf, sugar free, gluten free, keto) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/4461828.jpg
Ingredients:
1/4 c. FineNatural Ultra Dark Cocoa Powder (0 net carbs)
1/4 teaspoon salt
3/4 teaspoon glucomannon (see Tips below)
2/3 cup Swerve Confectioners (or other powdered sweetener)
1 cup heavy cream
1 cup water
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
4 squares Lindt 90% dark chocolate bar, broken into pieces

Directions:
In an 8-cup glass measure or medium microwaveable bowl, whisk together the cocoa, salt, glucomannan and powdered sweetener.  (Pudding is going to bubble up during cooking, so use a large bowl or measuring cup to keep it from boiling over.)
Combine the cream, water and vanilla; gradually whisk about half of the liquid into the dry mixture, whisking until completely moistened. Slowly whisk in the rest of the liquid.
Break up the dark chocolate squares and add the pieces to the pudding mixture.
Microwave on high setting for 1 minute.  Whisk briskly, then continue cooking for 40 second intervals, whisking the mix each time.  Cook until it comes to a bubbly boil and the chocolate bar is melted.  It should be starting to thicken, and will thicken a lot more as it cools. (Trial and error will tell you how soft or thick you want it to suit your own taste in puddings.)
Pour into (7) 4oz. ramekins or serving dishes.  Chill thoroughly before serving.  Store covered in refrigerator.  May be frozen and defrosted on the counter with no separation of the pudding.
Variation:  If you like mocha, add 1 tsp. instant coffee to the liquid ingredients.
TIPS:  Use glucomannon (Konjac root powder) whenever a recipe calls for xanthan gum.  It's easier on the tummy, and zero net carbs.  I use FineNatural Ultra Dark Cocoa Powder for cocoa powder.  It gives great flavor and consistency, and is 0 net carbs.

Submitter: 
Auntrocky
Description: 
This is so easy to make up, and very chocolaty.  It's one of my favorite low carb desserts.  It could probably be cooked on top of the stove, if you prefer, but doing it in the microwave is fast and easy.  My carb eating family cannot tell this is a low carb dessert!  SUITABLE FOR:  gluten free, Atkins, keto, lchf, low carb, diabetic, low glycemic.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
5 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
7
Nutritional Facts:
NA
