URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64621957/aunt-rockys-chocolate-chip-pecan-cookies-lchf-glutengrain-free-dairy-free-option/
Title:
Aunt Rocky's Chocolate Chip Pecan Cookies (lchf, gluten/grain free, dairy free option) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/4447248.jpg
Ingredients:
1-¼ cup Honeyville Blanched Almond Flour
¼ tsp Salt
¼ tsp Baking Soda
2 Tbsp. granular erythritol
3 Tbsp. butter, melted
2 Tbsp. Walden Farms Pancake Syrup (or other sugar free syrup)
1 tsp Vanilla Extract
1/4 cup (2 oz) LC Foods sugar free chocolate chips
1/4 cup Pecans, coarsely chopped

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 350F.  Line a large cookie sheet with parchment or silicone baking sheet, set aside.
In a medium mixing bowl, combine all dry ingredients (almond flour, salt, baking soda, erythritol) and whisk to remove any lumps.
In a small bowl or measuring cup, melt the butter in the microwave (about 20-30 seconds).  Add syrup and vanilla to melted butter and stir.  Pour into the dry ingredients and mix well with a mixing spoon or spatula.
Fold in the chocolate chips and pecans.
Using a 1 Tbsp. cookie scoop, drop dough onto cookie sheet.  These do not spread or change shape during baking, so press into a round and somewhat flattened cookie shape.
Bake 10-12 minutes, depending on how thin you pressed them.  They should be browning around the edges when done.
Let cool for 5 minutes on the cookie sheet before transferring to cooling rack.  Cool completely, then store at room temperature uncovered or loosely covered so they don't get too soft.
NUTRITION:  estimates per serving based on exact ingredients I used, calculated with a free online recipe analyzer.  Per cookie:  Calories 69, Total Fat 6 g, Sodium 60g, Potassium 38g, Total Carbohydrate 2.1 g, Dietary Fiber 1.4 g, NET CARBS:  1g, Sugars 0.3, Protein 1.5 g.  MACROS:  87% Fats, 7% protein, 6% carbs
© September 30, 2016  Roxana Lopez
Inspiration Recipe:  http://www.easylowcarbdesserts.com/low-carb-cookies/  with several modifications and updated instructions.

Submitter: 
Auntrocky
Description: 
Is there such a thing as a guilt free cookie?  Yes.  This is one of my favorite cookies.  Not only are they good, but they come in at just 69 calories and 1 net carb each.   SUITABLE FOR:  gluten free, Atkins, keto, lchf, low carb, diabetic, low glycemic, dairy free 

they're very quick to make up and pop in the oven
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
22
Nutritional Facts:
NA
