URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64623648/aunt-rockys-instant-almond-crackers-low-carb-atkins-keto-gluten-free-grain-free-diabetic/
Title:
Aunt Rocky's Instant Almond Crackers (low carb, Atkins, keto, gluten free, grain free, diabetic) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/4460823.jpg
Ingredients:
1/2 c + 2 T almond flour
1 egg white
dash of table salt
1/4 tsp. garlic powder
1/4 tsp. cilantro flakes
1 drop liquid sucralose (or equivalent to 1 tsp. sugar)
TOPPING:
1/2 tsp. Sea Salt, or to taste

Directions:
Tear 2 sheets of parchment paper larger than 6"x6" and set on counter.
In small bowl, mix almond flour, table salt, and any spices you are using. Whisk to break up any lumps in the almond flour.  Add egg white and stir with spoon or silicone spatula until well incorporated.  Dough will be somewhat stiff.
Turn dough out onto one of the sheets of parchment paper.  Cover with the other sheet of parchment and press down, trying to form a square.  Roll to finish shaping, and flatten the dough into a square approximately 6" x 6" or until about 1/4 inch thick.
Remove top layer of parchment and discard.  Sprinkle with Sea Salt to taste (or seeds, if doing a seed variation), and transfer the dough on the parchment to the microwave.  Cook on high for 1.5 minutes.
Remove dough from microwave (leave on parchment) and cut into the size crackers you want.  Separate the crackers, and move crackers from center toward the outside so they all cook evenly.  Return to microwave and cook another 1.5 minutes or so (depending on your microwave), until the crackers are just browning.  You may need to remove the center crackers after 1 minute, and then continue cooking the outer crackers a little more.  Be careful not to go too long, or the crackers will burn.
Seed Crackers Variation:  Replace 1 Tbsp. of the almond flour with 1 Tbsp. of seeds of your choice, either mixed in with the almond flour or sprinkled on the raw dough and pressed in a little before cooking.
Alternative Spice Ideas: sea salt & cracked pepper, seasoned salt, rosemary & garlic powder, tomato powder & basil, Cajun spice mix, Greek spice mix
NOTE: For a larger batch, mix and roll the second batch of dough while the first batch cooks.  May be made ahead and stored in an airtight container.
NUTRITION:  estimates per serving based on exact ingredients I used, calculated with a free online recipe analyzer.  Calories 105, Total Fat 9 g, Saturated Fat 1 g, Sodium 248 mg, Potassium 13 mg, Total Carbohydrate 4 g, Dietary Fiber 2 g,  NET CARBS 2g, Sugars 1 g, Protein 5 g.  MACROS:  75% fat, 18% protein, 7% carbs
© October 12, 2016 Roxana Lopez

Submitter: 
Auntrocky
Description: 
These super quick snack crackers are made in the microwave.  A salty, crispy, healthy snack in just 10 minutes total.  These are nice crispy and sturdy crackers for dips or spreads, cut into any size you like, and spiced to taste.  A single serving is 1/4 of the batch.  SUITABLE FOR:  gluten free, Atkins, keto, lchf, low carb, diabetic, low glycemic, dairy free.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
7 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
