URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64626391/baked-lemon-chicken-with-a-mushroom-greek-yogurt-cream-sauce/
Title:
Baked Lemon Chicken with a Mushroom Greek yogurt cream sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/4466557.jpg
Ingredients:
6 chicken breasts (flattened to equal thickness)
2 lbs mushrooms sliced
4 cloves garlic minced
2 tablespoons dried oregano
2 teaspoons garlic powder
1 tablespoon lemon pepper
1 teaspoon sea salt
2 whole lemons (juice and zest)
1/4 cup olive oil
2 cups chicken broth, low sodium
3/4 cup Greek yogurt, plain low fat
1/4 cup parsley cropped
More salt & the pepper to taste

Directions:
Take time to flatten the fatter side of each chicken breast to ensure even cooking time.
In a small bowl mix 1 tblsp oregano, garlic powder, lemon pepper, salt and zest of 1 lemon.
Lay chicken out on a board and sprinkle spice mixture evenly on both sides of all the chicken.
Heat olive oil in a large skillet on med high.
Preheat oven to 400 and line a sheet pan with parchment.
Place chicken breasts in hot pan and brown on each side for 1.5-2 minutes (you may have to do this in batches-olive oil amount is for all 6 chicken breasts)
Transfer browned chicken to sheet pan and squeeze one lemon over all 6 chicken.
Place in oven and bake for 12-15 minutes depending on thickness of chicken.
Meanwhile place mushrooms in same hot pan you used to brown chicken. Add a drizzle of oil of need be.
Season mushrooms with the remainder of oregano and cook for 3-5 minutes in medium high heat till slightly browned.
Add minced garlic and cook for 30 seconds being careful not to brown the garlic.
Add Chicken broth and juice of other lemon  let mixture come to the simmer, reduce to low and cook for 5-10 minutes till sauce reduces.
Remove chicken from oven and let stand covered lightly till sauce is ready.
Remove sauce from heat and stir in Greek yogurt and zest from second lemon.
Garnish with parsley, and additional salt and pepper if needed.
Pour mushroom sauce over plated chicken
breasts
Enjoy :)

Submitter: 
Chef V
Description: 
Flavourful chicken topped off with a healthier mushroom cream sauce. The lemon adds a nice fresh flavour. Pairs well with a nice green salad.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 mins
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
