URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64620232/coconut-lemon-creme-pie/
Title:
Coconut & Lemon Creme Pie Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/4408356.jpg
Ingredients:
Crust
2 cups flour
Pinch of salt
1 cup solid coconut oil (do not melt it)
1/4 cup Ice water
2 tbsp. sugar
Custard
1 cup coconut cream
3 tbsp. soft butter
The juice & zest of three lemons
2 cups sugar
Pinch of salt
3 large eggs + 3 egg yolks
Meringue
3 egg whites
1/2 cup sugar
Pinch of salt
Pinch of cream of tartar (for stability, skip if you don't have it on hand)

Directions:
Method for the crust - In the bowl of your stand mixer combine all   Ingredients and mix until it begins the firm large crumbles.  Stream ice water in and continue to mix for 30 seconds.  Pour crust out onto a large sheet of plastic wrap and form into a disc.  Wrap it and chill for 30 minutes.  Once it's rested, press 3/4 of the crust into the bottom of a pie plate and bake at 350 for 30 minutes or until golden brown.  Cool crust completely before our assembly.  (Freeze the last bit of un-cooked crust for a crumble topping for another dish.)
Method for the custard - In a medium sized sauce pan, over medium heat, whisk in all ingredients.  Set your timer for 10-12 minutes.  You will continue to whisk the custard no- stop, adjusting the heat to a lower; temperature so it doesn't boil or curdle, until it becomes thick.  You are looking for it to strongly coat the back of a wooden spoon.  Immediately place in a bowl and cool completely in the fridge.  Tip, if you do notice curdled bits, pass it through a fine metal mesh strainer.  This custard should be smooth and creamy.
Method for the Meringue - Whip egg whites, sugar, salt and tartar on high for 6-7 minutes until glossy stiff marshmallows peaks form.
Assembly - To assemble the pie, pour chilled custard into the cooled pie crust and dollop big spoonful’s of the meringue all over the top of the pie.  Pre-heat your oven to broil. Place pie under the broiler in the oven on high for 2 minutes or until you just brown the meringue top!  Chill for up to 24 hours or serve and enjoy!  Note, if you serve immediately, the pie will serve a bit messier than if you were to chill it for a few hours.

Submitter: 
RusticJoyfylFood
Description: 
Coconut & Lemon are probably my favorite match.  This pie has an unexpected shortbread like crust made with only coconut oil!  The result is flakey crumbly and delicious.  The creamy curd center gets an upgrade using coconut crème!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
40
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
