URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64622379/aunt-rockys-fluffy-lchf-pancakes-low-carb-grain-free-gluten-free-low-glycemic/
Title:
Aunt Rocky's Fluffy LCHF Pancakes (low carb, grain free, gluten free, low glycemic) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/4457053.jpg
Ingredients:
1/2 cup coconut flour
1/2 tsp Rumford baking powder (0 carb)
1.5 Tbsp erythritol (or equivalent)
1 Tbsp Lifesource Oat Fiber* [I trust this brand be be gluten free]
1/4 tsp Glucomannan (or xanthan gum)
pinch of salt
1/2 cup butter, melted (1 stick)
5 large eggs
1 teaspoon vanilla
1 tsp. Bragg's cider vinegar
3 Tbsp heavy whipping cream
3 Tbsp water
*If you can't get oat fiber, you can try substituting psyllium husk powder.  The texture won't be quite the same, but the recipe will work.

Directions:
In a medium mixing bowl, whisk all dry ingredients well to break up any lumps in the coconut flour.
BEFORE adding wet ingredients, start heating pancake griddle or pan(s) over medium-low heat (I use #4 on my electric stove), oil if necessary.
Add remaining ingredients, and mix well.  (Batter is thicker than a regular pancake batter, but it needs to be to stay fluffy.)
Scoop by 1/4 cup scoops onto pan, leaving a little bit of space for spreading between each pancake.  Smooth out just a little.  Cook until the edges begin to dry and bottom is browned.  The tops will get a few bubbles, like pancakes do.  Use the thinnest spatula you have to flip pancakes (they're fragile at this point), and cook until pancake is firm and browned on the second side.  If your batter gets too thick to scoop and pour, add 1 Tbsp. more of water and whisk again.
Remove from heat and serve with favorite pancake syrup or toppings.  These are very buttery, so you may not need to top them with more butter.
Extra pancakes can be stored in refrigerator or frozen.
TIP:  Get the pans out before you begin.  These pancakes are cooked on a lower heat to keep them from burning, so they'll take longer than regular pancakes. You'll get 3 pancakes per 12" round pan, and 4 pancakes in a square pan.  If you have the pans and the stove space, it will go quicker using 2 pans at one time.
NUTRITION:  estimates per serving based on exact ingredients I used, calculated with a free online recipe analyzer.  Each of 12 pancakes: Calories 119, Total Fat 10 g, Sodium 113 mg, Potassium 32 mg, Total Carbohydrate 3 g, Dietary Fiber 2 g, NET CARBS:  1g, Sugars 0 g, Protein 3 g.  MACROS:   84% fat, 12 %protein,  4% net carbs.
© October 16, 2016 Roxana Lopez for "Aunt Rocky's

Submitter: 
Auntrocky
Description: 
Have you been missing a low carb pancake that has true pancake texture and mouth feel?  Here it is!  These are so moist and buttery all on their own,  you may not need to top with butter.  Just drizzle your favorite sugar free pancake syrup, jam, or berries over the top and serve.  A meal of 2 pancakes is only 237 calories, 2 net carbs, and very filling.  SUITABLE FOR:  gluten free, Atkins, lchf, low carb, diabetic, low glycemic
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
5 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
