URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64621909/cinnamon-rolls/
Title:
Cinnamon Rolls Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Dough
1 cup warm milk
1 tablespoon instant dry yeast
2 tablespoons white granulated sugar
1 teaspoon salt
3 tablespoons salted butter, softened
1 large egg
3 cups all-purpose flour
Filling
½ cup salted butter, melted
1 cup brown sugar
2 tablespoons ground cinnamon
Glaze
4 ounces cream cheese, softened
¼ cup salted butter, softened
1 to 1½ cups powdered sugar
½ teaspoon vanilla extract
1 to 2 tablespoons milk

Directions:
In the bowl of a stand mixer, combine warm milk, yeast, sugar, salt, butter, and eggs. Add in flour. Using a dough hook, turn the mixer on to a low speed.
Once the flour starts to incorporate into the dough, increase the speed to a medium range. Add more flour as necessary so that the dough pulls away from the sides of the bowl. The dough mixture should be tacky, but not stick to your hands. It should be soft. Add more or less flour until the dough reaches the desired consistency. The amount of flour you add in bread making is always an approximation and you should go by feel.
Transfer the dough to a lightly greased mixing bowl. Cover with a towel and let rise until double in size, about 1 hour.
Lightly grease a baking sheet. Punch down the dough and roll into a 12inch by 18inch rectangle.
Brush the dough with ½ cup melted butter. In a small bowl, combine the brown sugar and cinnamon. Sprinkle on top of the melted butter. Roll up tightly lengthwise so you have one long roll. Use plain dental floss or a sharp knife to cut the dough into 12 one-inch slices.
Place the slices onto a lightly 9x13 pan. Cover and let rise 30 to 45 minutes.
Preheat oven to 325 degrees. Bake the rolls for about 14 minutes, until just kissed with brown on top.
While the cinnamon rolls are baking, make the cream cheese glaze by using a hand mixer to whip together cream cheese and butter in a bowl until light and fluffy. Whip in powdered sugar and vanilla extract. Add enough milk to achieve a drizzle-like consistency.
Frost the rolls while still warm. Serve immediately or cool and store. Stays good for 4 to 5 days

Submitter: 
Jill Sander
Description: 
This recipe is hands down the Best Homemade Cinnamon Rolls Ever. The perfect soft, fluffy, gooey cinnamon rolls are right at your fingertips. This is the only recipe you'll ever need.
***Some have reported undercooked rolls. Cooking time is dependent on the size of your rolls. You should cook the rolls until they have just a kiss of brown on the top. If they don't have a kiss of brown, they probably aren't done. Cooking time may be upwards of 18-20 minutes.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
2 hrs
Ready in:
2:14
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
