URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64621470/aunt-rockys-jalapeno-strata-lchf-glutengrain-free/
Title:
Aunt Rocky's Jalapeño Strata (lchf, gluten/grain free) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/4434073.jpg
Ingredients:
2 oz.  cultured cream cheese (I use Organic Valley)
2 jalapeños, chopped (more, if you want)
4 slices bacon, cooked crisp and coarsely chopped or crumbled (or 1/2 c. ready made bacon crumbles), divided
1 cup shredded sharp cheddar cheese (3 oz.), divided
6 large eggs
3/4 cup heavy whipping cream
1/4 cup water
1/4 teaspoon garlic powder
1/ tsp salt
1/4 tsp pepper

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350F.  Grease an 8x8 casserole or a 9" pie pan and set aside.
Fry bacon until crisp, and put on paper towels to cool.
On a small plate or board, cut the cream cheese into small cubes (the smaller the better). Sprinkle cream cheese bits on the bottom of the baking pan.
De-seed and chop the jalapeños.  Sprinkle them over the cream cheese bits in the baking pan.
Crumble the bacon, and sprinkle 1/2 of the crumbles in the baking dish.  Top with 1/2 of the shredded cheese.
Break the eggs into a medium mixing bowl, and beat with a whisk until frothy.  Add cream and water and whisk well, until mixture is creamy and a consistent color.  The more you whisk, the fluffier the baked dish will be.  Add salt, pepper, and garlic powder and mix again.  Slowly pour the egg mixture into the casserole.
Top with remaining cheese and bacon.
Bake for 55 minutes, or until a knife in the center comes out clean.
Let rest 10 minutes before serving.
Quiche will fall a little as it cools.  Leftovers may be refrigerated or frozen.
NOTES:
If you like a nice cheese crust on top, hold back the last half of cheese and bacon, bake the quiche for 30 minutes, put the remaining cheese and bacon on top, and return to oven for about 25 more minutes. The quiche comes out creamier putting it all in before baking, but it can be done the other way for a little variation and presentation.
NUTRITIONAL INFORMATION* - Each of 4 servings:  calories 485, Total Fat 43 g, Saturated Fat 23 g, Total Carbohydrate 3 g, Dietary Fiber 0 g,  NET CARBS:  3g, Sugars 2 g, Protein 22 g. (If you cut it into 6 servings instead, the calories would be 323, and Net Carbs 2g)  MACROS:  79% fat, 18% protein, 2% net carbs
*These are nutritional estimates based on the exact ingredients I used, calculated with a free online recipe calculator.

Submitter: 
Auntrocky
Description: 
A tasty breakfast casserole -- or any meal!  Can be baked ahead and rewarmed in the microwave for serving, works well frozen and defrosted.  SUITABLE FOR:  gluten free, Atkins, keto, lchf, low carb, diabetic, low glycemic, egg fast
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
