URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64626277/my-best-ever-stuffed-mushrooms/
Title:
My Best-Ever Stuffed Mushrooms Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
6 strips of bacon. I use uncured bacon without nitrates.
1 lb of button mushrooms.
1 TBLS of butter
¼ C of minced shallots or onion
8 oz of cream cheese, room temp and cut into 1-inch chunks
1 C of shredded cheddar cheese
1/3 C of grated parmesan cheese (FRESH!)
½ tsp of garlic powder
½ tsp of Italian seasoning
Grated sea salt and pepper to taste
A whisper of cayenne or to taste

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees.
While your oven preheats, cook your bacon until it is nice and crisp. Then chop or crumble it into little pieces and set it aside.
Take the mushrooms out of the package. Remove all black material on the mushroom caps or the stems. Don’t wash your mushrooms or you make them mushy but you want to get the black bits off. Use a damp paper towel to remove that stuff. Then twist and remove each stem. Cut off the dry ends of the stems and finely dice the stems. You’re going to use them in your mushroom filling. Don’t dice the mushroom heads; set them aside.
Melt butter in a medium saute pan and add the shallots and mushrooms stems. Cook on medium until they are soft. Stir often. Add the cream cheese and keep temperature on low to melt the cream cheese. Stir often so it doesn’t stick. When it’s hot and melty, add the cheddar cheese, garlic powder, Italian seasoning, salt, pepper and cayenne. Then add the bacon and stir. Let the mixture cool a bit so you don’t burn yourself while you stuff your mushrooms.
If you have mini muffin pans they will come in handy. If you don’t, you can use a cookie sheet. (In the picture you’ll see the mini-muffin tins on a cookie sheet).
Spray the insides of the muffin containers or the surface of the cookie sheet with olive oil spray. Fill your mushrooms with mounded portions of the filling. Set them in the muffin tin depressions* or put them on the cookie sheet. You might have some filling leftover; depending on the size of your mushrooms. (I suggest you make an omelet with that on another day).
Sprinkle the tops with parmesan cheese. Press the cheese lightly with your fingers so it sticks.
Bake at 350 degrees for about 20 minutes. The cooking time depends on the size of your mushrooms. With a variety of medium and large mushrooms 20 minutes was enough for me.
Carefully remove your mushrooms from the pan to cool. I use a fork on one side and my finger on the other to take them out. Be careful.
I served my mushrooms warm but they would be just as good as they cool on a buffet.

Submitter: 
Jack
Description: 
This is a ZReboot recipe. Just in time for Super Bowl or any other partying event. These won’t last long on your platter. Might consider a double batch. They are that good. BIG
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 mins
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
