URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64622915/aunt-rockys-sausage-cauliflower-casserole---low-carb/
Title:
Aunt Rocky's Sausage & Cauliflower Casserole - Low Carb Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/4458857.jpg
Ingredients:
½ cup Kraft grated Parmesan cheese
¼ c chopped fresh parsley
1 lb Silva Mild Italian sausage (zero carbs)
2 cups cauliflower florets (about 1/2 large head)
¼ lb mushrooms, chopped
2.5 oz med onion diced (1 cup)
2 cloves garlic, minced
14 oz Muir Glen diced tomatoes, fire roasted (1 can) - do not drain you want the liquid
1 tsp Italian seasoning
? tsp chili flakes (optional)

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350° F.  If you are not using an oven proof skillet, grease an 8x8 casserole dish, set aside.
Combine Parmesan cheese & parsley and set aside.
Cut the cauliflower into bite size pieces, put in covered microwave safe dish, and steam in microwave for about 3 minutes, or until beginning to get tender.  Leave covered until needed.
While the cauliflower is steaming, cook and brown the sausage in a large skillet over medium heat.  Break it up as you go, but leave it somewhat chunky.
When the sausage is browned and nearly done, add the mushrooms, onions, and cooked cauliflower.  Continue cooking until the onions become transparent and the mushrooms and cauliflower are beginning to brown.
Add the garlic and cook another minute.
Pour the tomatoes with juice into the pan.  Add the Italian seasoning and chili flakes.  Mix well.  Taste for flavor, and adjust seasonings if desired.
If you are using a baking dish, turn entire mixture into the dish.  Sprinkle the parmesan parsley mixture over the top.  Bake about 35-40 minutes, or until top is beginning to brown just a little.
TIP:  For a special presentation, bake in 4 large ramekins as individual servings.
NUTRITION:  estimates per serving based on exact ingredients I used, calculated with a free online recipe analyzer. Calories 411, Total Fat 28 g, Total Carbohydrate 10 g, Dietary Fiber 3 g, NET CARBS 7g, Sugars 5 g, Protein 28 g. MACROS:  64% fat, 29% protein, 7% carbs.
©? December 18, 2016 Roxana Lopez

Submitter: 
Auntrocky
Description: 
A very tasty Italian style casserole that even my carb loving husband likes!  It's quick enough to put together on a work night, or can be put together the night before, and baked when you get home.  SUITABLE FOR:  gluten free, Atkins, keto, lchf, low carb, diabetic, low glycemic, dairy free
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
