URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64623006/aunt-rockys-sugar-free-cranberry-orange-sauce/
Title:
Aunt Rocky's Sugar Free Cranberry-Orange Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/4459271.jpg
Ingredients:
12 ounce bag fresh cranberries
1 cup water
1 tsp. orange zest
1 tsp. unflavored gelatin powder
Rounded 1/2 c. powdered Swerve (erythritol)
2 pinches cinnamon

Directions:
Cover the cranberries with the water in a medium saucepan.  Slowly sprinkle the gelatin over the top to avoid clumping.  Bring to a simmer (just below a bubbly boil), and stir well.
Add the erythritol, cinnamon, and orange zest.  Keep simmering and stirring until the erythritol completely dissolves.  Allow to simmer until the cranberries pop open, about 10 - 15 minutes.  (If you have a couple of stubborn cranberries, you can use a potato masher or fork to pop them.)
Cool in the pan for about 10 minutes, then transfer to refrigerator or freezer containers.
Yield:  3 half-pints (3 cups) of cranberry sauce = 12 servings of about 1/4 cup each.
TIP:  I like my cranberry sauce to be balanced a little toward the tart side, rather than overly sweet like jam.  You may want to taste test your batch (be sure to let your sample cool so you don't burn your mouth).  Add more sweetener if desired before allowing the batch to cool.
NUTRITION:  estimates per serving based on exact ingredients I used, calculated with a free online recipe analyzer.  Calories 16, Total Fat 0 g, Sodium 1 mg
Potassium 0 g, Total Carbohydrate 3.5 g, Dietary Fiber 1 g, NET CARBS 2.5g, Sugars 3 g, Protein 0 g.
© November 15, 2016 Roxana Lopez

Submitter: 
Auntrocky
Description: 
With a generous 1/4 cup serving for only 2.5 net carbs, this sauce is a perfect side for a holiday meal.  The sauce freezes and thaws well, so I always make a double batch if to use year-round.  I add it to muffins, fat bombs, hot cereal, and even on top of low carb pancakes.  Or just use it like jam on low carb toast.  SUITABLE FOR:  gluten free, Atkins, keto, lchf, low carb, diabetic, low glycemic, dairy free.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
5 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
