URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64630484/ratatouille-with-bitter-melon-pasta/
Title:
Ratatouille with Bitter Melon Pasta Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
200 grams tomato sauce
1/4 tsp dried oregano
1/4 tsp dried basil
1/4 tsp dried thyme
1/2 onion
1/2 red bell pepper
1/2 eggplant
2 pcs asparagus
1 clove garlic
1/3 pc bitter melon
100 g tomato
salt
pepper
1/4 cup shredded cheese
olive oil

Directions:
1. In a small bowl, combine tomato sauce, 1 Tbsp olive oil, basil, oregano and thyme then mix well.
2. Slice all vegetables except garlic into 1-cm squares. Mince the garlic. For the bitter melon, soak it in water with salt for about 5 minutes after slicing.
3. Mix all the vegetables, tomato sauce and herbs in a big bowl.
4. Pour 1 1/2 cups of water into Meyer microwave pressure cooker then add 1 tsp of salt. Cut the Fedelini in half to fit in at the bottom of the pressure cooker then pour the vegetables on top of pasta. Make sure to evenly distribute it.
5. Close the microwave pressure cooker then put in a microwave. Cook for 10 minutes using 600W.
6. Keep it closed for about 5 more minutes to continue to steam cook the ingredients and also to release the pressure from the pressure cooker.
7. Open the microwave pressure cooker then add cheese, black pepper and olive oil. Mix well and allow the cheese to melt.
8. Now you can serve and enjoy your ratatouille pasta.

Submitter: 
Pearl Ishizaki
Description: 
This is an Okinawa-inspired dish. I've added bitter melon - one of the vegetable that's easy to find in Okinawa. This is a vegetarian dish. The pasta absorbed many taste from the many vegetables we've used so it is both delicious and healthy.

This is one of the first few recipes I've tried using a microwave pressure cooker. I can't believe how much easier it is to cook pasta using my new kitchen tool. Cooking the pasta took exactly 10 minutes and I didn't even need to boil water to cook the pasta.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
NA
