URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64634403/chicken-and-rice-with-cumin-and-cilantro/
Title:
Chicken and Rice with Cumin and Cilantro Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 tablespoons olive oil
3 pounds chicken wings (about 20), tips (if any) removed, remaining sections separated
into 2 pieces each
2 1/2 cups coarsely chopped onions
1/4 cup coarsely chopped garlic
1/4 cup coarsely chopped peeled ginger
2 cups long-grain white rice
1 1/2 tablespoons ground cumin
1 14-ounce can diced tomatoes
2 1/2 teaspoons salt
1 tablespoon sriracha or other hot chili sauce
2 1/2 cups water
1 1/2 cups chopped fresh cilantro
stems, plus ½ cup chopped for optional garnish

Directions:
Heat the olive oil in a 12- to 14-inch skillet or a pot large enough to hold the chicken wings in one layer. Dry the wings with paper towels, place them in the hot oil, and brown over high heat, uncovered, for about 8 minutes. Turn the wings over with tongs and brown them on the other side for 8 minutes. Using the tongs, transfer the browned wings to a bowl.
Add the onions, garlic, and ginger to the drippings in the skillet and cook for 2 to 3 minutes. Add the rice and cumin and mix well, then add the tomatoes, salt, sriracha, water, and chopped cilantro stems and mix well.
Return the wings to the pan and bring to a strong boil. Cover, reduce the heat to low, and cook for about 30 minutes, until the wings are cooked through.
Serve the stew garnished with the chopped cilantro, if desired.
CREDIT: From Poulets & Legumes: My Favorite Chicken & Vegetable Recipes (2016) by Jacques Pepin. Reproduced by permission of Houghton Mifflin Harcourt/Rux Martin Books. All rights reserved.

Submitter: 
Jacques Pepin
Description: 
Chicken with rice, or arroz con pollo, is a staple at our house. This dish is highly
seasoned with cumin, ginger, garlic, and a great deal of cilantro. We like it best when it
is made with chicken wings. If you buy whole wings, remove the tips and save them for
stock; cut the remaining sections apart so you have two meaty pieces. In my market,
I can usually buy my wings already trimmed.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
