URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64636134/chickpea-artichoke-and-pepper-tagline/
Title:
Chickpea, artichoke and pepper tagline Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
3 T olive oil
18 oz. frozen artichoke hearts, thawed
2 yellow or red bell peppers, stemmed, seeded and cut into 1/4-inch-wide strips
1 onion, finely chopped
4 (3-inch) strips lemon zest plus 1 teaspoon grated lemon zest
2 1/2 teaspoons paprika
2 teaspoons garam masala
8 garlic cloves, minced
2 T all-purpose flour or 1T cornstarch to make recipe gluten free
3 cups vegetable broth
1 T honey
2 (15-oz.) cans chickpeas, rinsed
1/2 cup pitted kalamata olives, halved
1/2 cup golden raisins
1/3 cup 2% Greek yogurt
1/2 cup minced fresh cilantro
Salt and pepper

Directions:
Heat 1 tablespoon oil in Dutch oven over medium heat until shimmering. Add artichoke hearts and cook until golden brown, 5-7 minutes; transfer to a bowl.
Heat 1 tablespoon oil in now-empty pot until shimmering. Add bell peppers, onion, lemon zest strips and cook until veggies are softened and lightly browned, 5-7 minutes.
Stir in the paprika, garam masala, and three quarters of the garlic and cook until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Stir in the flour and cook for 1 minute. Slowly stir in broth and honey, scraping up any browned bits and smoothing out any lumps.
Stir in chickpeas, olives, raisins and browned artichoke hearts and bring to simmer. Reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and cook, stirring occasionally, until liquid has thickened slightly and veggies are tender, about 15 minutes.
Off heat, discard lemon zest strips. Whisk ½ cup sauce from pot into yogurt to temper; then stir yogurt mixture into the pot. Stir in cilantro, 1 tablespoon remaining oil, grated lemon zest, and remaining garlic. Season with salt and pepper to taste, and serve.

Submitter: 
Sudie B
Description: 
Variation on a recipe found in One-Pan wonders (2016) I cooked with canned chickpeas (the dried ones that I used first in a crockpot never softened)
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
