URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64630490/microwave-cooked-meat-loaf-with-carrot-and-garlic-scapes/
Title:
Microwave Cooked Meat Loaf with Carrot and Garlic Scapes Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
300 grams mixed ground pork and ground beef
1/4 piece onion
1 clove garlic
1 egg
1/2 cup panko bread crumbs
1 Tbsp tomato ketchup
1/2 Tbsp oyster sauce
1/4 tsp salt
1/4 tsp pepper
10 pieces garlic scapes
2 pcs thin carrots
75 grams bacon

Directions:
Mince the onion and the garlic.
In a small bowl, combine the tomato ketchup, oyster sauce, salt and pepper then mix well.
In a large bowl, combine the ground meat, egg, panko, onion, garlic and the tomato ketchup mixture. Mix well until the mixture feels a bit thicker.
Cut the carrot into quarters along its length. Then, cut it to have the same length as the garlic scapes.
Tear a large enough amount of cling wrap then spread it on a microwave-safe plate.
Arrange the bacon slices at the bottom (on top of the cling wrap) to form a rectangle shape. The length of the rectangle should be close to the length of the garlic scapes and carrot. Make sure that the pieces overlap on each other so there will be no hollow space at the bottom of the plate.
Get half of the meat mixture then spread it on top of the bacon.
Arrange the carrot and garlic scapes on top of the meat then spread the remaining meat mixture on top.
Enclose the meat with the cling wrap then cook in the microwave for 8 minutes using 600W.
Once done, keep it closed for about 10 mire minutes so that the steam will continue to cook the meat loaf.
Slice the meat loaf into serving sizes then enjoy.

Submitter: 
Pearl Ishizaki
Description: 
This is a delicious recipe for meat loaf. Cooking it in a microwave cuts the cooking time in almost half as compared to baking it in an oven. It's delicious and juicy. The bacon at the bottom does a great job in absorbing the juices from the meat.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
NA
