URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64634408/chicken-bouillabaisse/
Title:
Chicken Bouillabaisse Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 tablespoon good olive oil
1 tablespoon coarsely chopped garlic
1/2 teaspoon saffron threads
1 teaspoon grated lemon rind
3/4 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper
1/4 teaspoon fennel seeds
1/4 teaspoon herbes de Provence
1/2 cup coarsely chopped onion
¼ cup coarsely chopped celery
1/4 cup coarsely chopped carrot
4 chicken thighs (about 1 3/4 pounds total), skin and fat removed
½  of a 14-ounce can diced tomatoes (about 1 cup)
1/2 cup dry white wine
3/4 cup water
5 red or Yukon Gold potatoes (about 12 ounces, total), peeled and halved
1 piece (about 10 ounces) kielbasa sausage, cut into 4 pieces
2 teaspoons Pernod or Ricard, (optional)
1 tablespoon chopped fresh tarragon, chives, or parsley
For the rouille:
2 large cloves garlic
1/8 teaspoon cayenne pepper
1/4 teaspoon paprika
1 large egg yolk
1/2 cup good olive oil
Salt, to taste

Directions:
Mix 1 tablespoon oil, 1 tablespoon garlic, saffron, lemon rind, salt, pepper, fennel seeds, herbes de Provence, onion, celery, and carrot in a large bowl. Add the chicken thighs and turn to coat. Cover and refrigerate until you are ready to cook.
Transfer the contents of the bowl to a stainless steel pot and add the tomatoes, wine, water, and potatoes. Cover, bring to a boil over high heat, then reduce the heat to low and boil gently for 25 minutes. Add the sausage and cook for 5 minutes longer. If adding Pernod, stir it in now with the tarragon.
For the Rouille: Remove half a cooked potato and 1/4 cup liquid from the pot and place in a food processor with the garlic, cayenne, and paprika. Process for 10 seconds. Add the egg yolk. With the processor running, slowly add the oil until it is incorporated. Taste for salt and adjust, if needed.
Serve the bouillabaisse in warmed soup plates with a spoonful of the rouille drizzled on top.
CREDIT: From Poulets & Legumes: My Favorite Chicken & Vegetable Recipes (2016) by Jacques Pepin.  Reproduced by permission of Houghton Mifflin Harcourt/Rux Martin Books. All rights reserved.

Submitter: 
Jacques Pepin
Description: 
This dish, made with chicken, kielbasa, and potatoes, takes its inspiration from the
famous fish stew of the South of France and contains all the classic seasonings, including
saffron. An expensive spice, saffron is essential to this dish. The best comes from Spain.
I’ve also added a little tarragon at the end. Although not absolutely necessary, tarragon
has a slight anise taste that complements the other seasonings. To reinforce its flavor, I
add a splash of Pernod or Ricard at the last minute, although this ingredient is optional
too. I serve my chicken bouillabaisse with a traditional
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
