URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64636990/best-ever-strawberry-spinach-salad/
Title:
Best Ever Strawberry Spinach Salad Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Candied Pecan Ingredients
1 tablespoons butter
1 tablespoons packed light brown sugar
1/2 cup pecan halves
pinch salt
Dressing Ingredients
2 tablespoons granulated sugar
1/4 cup extra light tasting olive oil
1/4 cup white wine vinegar
1 tablespoon Dijon mustard
2 garlic cloves, minced
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon pepper
1/4 teaspoon paprika
Salad Ingredients
10 ounces fresh baby spinach - rinsed, dried and torn into bite-size pieces
1/4 small red onion sliced
1 quart fresh strawberries, hulled and quartered
1/2 cup fresh blueberries
1/2 avocado, cut into bite sized pieces
1/2 (5 ounce) package blue cheese crumbles

Directions:
Place a silpat mat or a sheet of parchment paper on the counter top to dry the pecans.
In a small skillet over medium heat melt butter. Add pecans, sugar and salt. Stir until pecans are well coated. Stir until the sugar caramelizes, about 3-5 minutes.
Spread onto silpat or parchment paper. Separate pecans. Allow to cool.
Meanwhile: in a pint size mason jar combine dressing ingredients. Seal and shake until well combined. Set aside on the counter.
In a large bowl combine the spinach, onions, strawberries and blueberries. Pour about 1/2 of dressing over salad, and toss. Top with avocado, cheese and candied nuts. Serve remaining dressing on the side.
Refrigerate for 15 minutes before serving (or serve immediately).
Serve with the remaining dressing on the side. Enjoy!
DONNA'S NOTES:  I love to snack on the candied pecans and they are great on ice cream so I double the candied pecan recipe and save 1/2 for later. The recipe as written will allow about 5 candied pecans per serving.
The dressing may solidify in the refrigerator. It is best to allow dressing to sit on the counter. Shake well before using.
If you are making the salad ahead. Prep the salad ingredients and refrigerate. Then dress the salad about 15 minutes before serving. This will help keep the spinach from wilting.
Mozzarella, feta or goat cheese are also amazing on this salad.
Lighten it up by subbing plain pecans for the candied ones and eliminate the sugar from the dressing.
Add sliced grilled chicken for a fabulous summer meal.

Submitter: 
Gina Lee Lafreniere
Description: 
This divine recipe all starts with baby spinach and fresh summer berries. Thinly sliced red onions are added to enhance the flavor. Then it is tossed in a fabulous sweet and tangy vinaigrette and topped with fresh avocado, buttery candied pecans and melt in your mouth blue cheese.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 min
Ready in:
45
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
