URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64634405/grilled-chicken-with-tarragon-butter/
Title:
Grilled Chicken with Tarragon Butter Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 chicken (about 3 pounds), quartered, drumsticks and thighs separated
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 tablespoon olive oil
2 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened
1 ½  tablespoons olive oil
2 tablespoons chopped fresh tarragon
1/4 teaspoon salt
2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice

Directions:
Heat a grill until medium-hot. Preheat the oven to 160 degrees. Sprinkle the chicken pieces with the salt and oil. Place the chicken skin side down on the clean hot grill. Grill the breasts for about 20 minutes and the leg pieces for about 30 minutes, turning occasionally, until nicely browned on all sides. As the chicken pieces are cooked, transfer them to a tray and put in a warm oven, uncovered, until ready to serve.
Meanwhile, to make the tarragon butter, put the butter, tarragon, olive oil, salt and lemon juice in a blender or food processor and process until smooth.
To serve, divide the chicken among four individual plates, dot each serving with about 1 tablespoon of the tarragon butter.
CREDIT: From Poulets & Legumes: My Favorite Chicken & Vegetable Recipes (2016) by Jacques Pepin. . Reproduced by permission of Houghton Mifflin Harcourt/Rux Martin Books. All rights reserved.

Submitter: 
Jacques Pepin
Description: 
I prepare this dish inside on my stovetop gas grill in winter and outdoors on my gas or
charcoal grill in summer. Make sure your grill is very clean, or the chicken will stick. The
bird is grilled long enough so that most of the fat in the skin drains away, and it is then
transferred to a warm oven to finish cooking in its own juices. A delicious tarragon butter,
dotted on the chicken at serving time, replicates the flavor of a be´arnaise sauce.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
