URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64639107/best-of-the-best-lemon-poppy-seed-muffins/
Title:
Best of the Best Lemon Poppy Seed Muffins Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Muffins:
1/2 cup unsalted butter, softened
5/8 cup white sugar
1/4 tsp salt
2 eggs, room temperature
2 cups Robin Hood Nutri Blend Omega 3 & Fiber Flour or Tastes Like White Flour
2 tsps baking powder
1 tsp vanilla
2 tbsps fresh lemon juice with enough milk to make 1 cup
2 tbsps poppy seeds
1 tbsp lemon zest
Streusel Topping:
1/8 cup flour
1/8 cup white sugar
1 tbsp unsalted butter, softened
1/4 tsp lemon zest
Lemony Glaze:
1/2 cup icing sugar
2 tbsps fresh lemon juice
1/4 tsp lemon zest

Directions:
Preheat oven to 425 degrees.
Spray a 12 cup muffin pan with non-stick cooking spary or line with paper liners, I like to make parchment paper liners using a 5" square of parchment.
In a large bowl cream together butter and sugar.
Add in salt, eggs, vanilla, baking powder, poppy seeds, and lemon zest, beat again until well mixed.
Add flour and soured milk alternately until just combined.
Divide batter amongst the 12 cups.
Streusel topping, mix the butter, flour, sugar and lemon zest with a fork until coarse crumbs. Sprinkle over the tops of the muffins. Tap the muffin pan on the counter to settle the topping.
Bake at 425 degrees for 5 minutes, then reduce heat to 350 degrees and continue baking for 18 additional minutes.
Cool for 10 minutes on a rack, then drizzle with the glaze.
Glaze, combine the icing sugar, lemon juice and lemon zest until lump free and pourable, if it is too thick add more lemon juice and if it is too thin add more icing sugar.

Submitter: 
the4taals
Description: 
After not being able to find a Lemon Poppy Seed Muffin recipe that I was really happy with I combined the elements of various recipes into this recipe which  is over the top with lots of lemon, streusel topping and a lemony glaze.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
43 m
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
