URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64631099/ramen-egg-noodle-from-scratch-recipe/
Title:
Ramen Egg Noodle From Scratch Recipe Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/4477333.jpg
Ingredients:
½ cup unbleached organic all purpose flour
½ cup semolina flour (no substitutes)
1 tablespoon sesame seed oil
¼ teaspoon fine ground sea salt
¼ teaspoon garlic powder
1 organic egg whisked
1/2 cup of  water "less or more"

Directions:
1. Place flours into a food processor, along with sea salt, and garlic powder and pulse to blend well.
2. Place processor on low. Through the feeder add the whisked egg and 1 table spoons of sesame seed oil.
3.  With the processor still running, slowly add water, approx. one tablespoon at a time ; waiting in between. At this point you want it to form a ball, so by adding a tablespoon of water then waiting about 5 seconds, place it on High, adding another tablespoon of water and waiting 5 seconds, place it on Low, so on; until you see it ball up. Note: Stop adding water immediately when you see a your dough start to form a ball.
4. Allow it to run as it kneads the ball for you about 3 minutes.
5. Dust the ball lightly with a tad bit of unbleached flour and make sure it's not too sticky as you knead it with your hands on a kneading surface. The processor did all the hard kneading for you. This is just to make sure it has a nice texture and is not sticky which is important for rolling through a pasta machine.
6. Let rest in a small bowl at least 20-25 minutes.
7. Run through a pasta machine; starting at your thickest setting until you reach a thin setting of around 7-8 depending on your pasta rolling machine. I roll mine to a setting of 7 on my Marcato Atlas.
8. Pass through a spaghetti attachment on your pasta machine; and let it dry on a rack or you can also lay on a "very lightly" floured board; ready for the drop. Let it rest or dry at least 10 minutes.
9. Time to drop your noodles: bring your stock to a boil, it only takes 30 -40 seconds; do not over stir, it may break the noodles, Very lightly take chopsticks or fork and tap stir; so it doesn't stick. Take off heat and serve: Enjoy!
Note: I personally prep my soup while I let it rest or dry after running the dough through a pasta machine. I saute diced onions, bell peppers, mushrooms in one tablespoon of grape seed oil, then add organic veggie stock and one veggie bullion. When it the stock reaches a boil, I drop two beaten eggs and 1 tablespoon sesame seed oil. Important not to stir the egg, to get the thick chucks of egg. When the egg is cooked; I drop the noodles "about 30-40 seconds" it's ready: Serve immediately; I top each bowl with fresh chopped green onions, roasted sesame seeds, and  sometimes dash of Korean red pepper flakes.  Just like my mom used to make for me when I was a kid. FYI: My mom is from Korea.

Submitter: 
Girly Hobbies
Description: 
You will need a food processor with the standard S blade and a pasta machine roller with a spaghetti attachment for this recipe.  This ramen noodle takes your traditional hour or so of hand kneading down to minutes. I have made this for a quick breakfast many days and my family love it. It's not the traditional ramen noodle because it has uses an egg, but it's very Asian flavored with the sesame seed oil. You may like be like my family and like this recipe even better.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
35- 40 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
3
Nutritional Facts:
NA
