URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64634741/healthy-turkey-meatloaf/
Title:
Healthy Turkey Meatloaf Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/4488719.jpg
Ingredients:
1 tbsp Olive oil (for sautéing vegetables)
1 onion
3 large carrots, peeeled
2 stalks celery
3 cloves garlic (I used 3 frozen garlic cubes)
2 cups baby spinach
1 tablespoon chia seeds, soaked in 1/4 cup water for 15 minutes
1 pound ground lean turkey or chicken
1 to 1.5 cup quinoa, cooked and cooled
2.5 tablespoons low-sodium soy sauce or tamari
2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce
1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper
1/4 teaspoon salt
1 egg, beaten
Ketchup for coating top of meatloaf (I used regular ketchup, but you can use the low sugar kind.  You can also try BBQ sauce)

Directions:
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.
Mix chia seeds and water to soak - set aside for 15 minutes
Heat 2 tbsp oil in skillet over medium heat.  Finely chop mirepoix, garlic, and spinach in food processor.  (If using frozen garlic cubes, then just add those to pan and don't put them in food processor).  Sauté over medium heat for about 8 minutes, or until softened.  Set it aside and let it cool a bit before mixing with other ingredients.
In a large bowl, mix turkey, quinoa, soy sauce, Worcestershire sauce, pepper, salt, and egg.  Add the chia seed and water mixture (it should be sort of firm, almost like gelatin).  Mix in the cooked vegetable mixture.
Line a baking sheet with parchment paper and spray a little nonstick spray on it.  Spread the turkey mixture onto the pan and shape it into a loaf.  If it is too sticky, wet your hands a bit.  (I made mine kind of long and flat because I thought it would cook more evenly that way, but you could probably use a loaf pan if you wanted it to be thicker).  Coat the turkey loaf with ketchup.
Bake at 375 degrees F for approximately 35 minutes.  The center should be at least 165 degrees F to be fully cooked.  Let it cool for 10 minutes before slicing.

Submitter: 
HDN
Description: 
Turkey meatloaf with some vegetables, quinoa, and chia seeds added in.  Adapted from www.wholefoodsmarket.com/recipe/healthy-turkey-meatloaf
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
