URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64633211/caprese-chicken-lasagna/
Title:
Caprese Chicken Lasagna Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 box lasagna noodles
1 tbsp. extra-virgin olive oil
1 lb. boneless skinless chicken breasts, cut into pieces
2 tsp. dried oregano
kosher salt
Freshly ground black pepper
2 tbsp. balsamic vinegar
3 cloves garlic, minced, divided
3 tbsp. butter
3 tbsp. all-purpose flour
2 1/2 c. milk
5 c. shredded mozzarella, divided
3/4 c. freshly grated Parmesan
1 15-ounce container ricotta
1 large egg
4 roma tomatoes, thinly sliced
1/2 c. thinly sliced basil leaves
Balsamic glaze, for drizzling

Directions:
Preheat oven to 375ยบ. In a large pot of salted boiling water, cook lasagna noodles until very al dente. Drain.
Meanwhile, in a large skillet over medium heat, heat oil. Season chicken with dried oregano and salt and pepper. Cook until golden and no longer pink, 8 minutes. Add balsamic vinegar and half the garlic to pan and stir until combined. Transfer to a plate.
Make sauce: To skillet over medium heat, add butter. Let melt, then add remaining half garlic and cook 1 minute. Add flour and cook until golden, 1 minute more. Add milk and simmer until thick and creamy, 3 minutes, then add 1 cup mozzarella and Parmesan. Season with salt and pepper.
Assemble lasagna: In a small bowl, stir together ricotta and egg and season with salt and pepper.
In a large baking dish, spread a thin layer of sauce. Add a layer of lasagna noodles, slightly overlapping, and top with about a third of ricotta mixture, a third of tomatoes, a third of the basil, a third of the cooked chicken, another layer of sauce, and a third of mozzarella. Repeat with three layers, ending with mozzarella.
Bake until bubbly and golden, 35 minutes. Garnish with more basil and a drizzle of balsamic glaze and serve.

Submitter: 
Carrie
Description: 
A delicious combination of chicken, balsamic vinegar, tomatoes, basil, and cheese.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
25min
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
