URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64631358/moist-organic-banana-pecan-bread/
Title:
Moist Organic Banana Pecan Bread Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/4478143.jpg
Ingredients:
¼ cup organic butter, soften room temp
¼ cup organic coconut oil liquefied
½ cup organic white cane sugar
½ cup organic brown sugar
2 organic brown eggs
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
1 ½ cup organic all purpose unbleached flour
1 teaspoon baking soda
½ teaspoon fine ground sea salt
½ teaspoon of cinnamon
2 medium organic ripe bananas, mashed
½ cup of organic sour cream
3/4 cup of chopped pecans

Directions:
1. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) Grease a 9x5 inch loaf pan.
2. In a large bowl combine flour, baking soda, cinnamon and salt mix well with a fork or whisk.
3. In a separate bowl cream together the butter, liquefied coconut oil and sugars, then mix in eggs.
4. Combine wet ingredients to dry ingredients and mix until all is smooth.
5. Gently fold in the sour cream, mashed ripened bananas and chopped pecans. It’s important to not  over mix these last ingredients. Just fold them in gently, I use a silicone spatula.
6. Spread mixture into your pre greased loaf pan evenly.
7. Bake at 350 degrees (175 degrees C) for 55-60 min or until a toothpick or bamboo stick comes out clean from the center. Cool loaf in pan 10-15 minutes before transferring loaf to a cooling rack ; let cool completely.

Submitter: 
Girly Hobbies
Description: 
I try to always as many organic ingredients when possible. If you cannot find organic, it's okay to use regular ingredients. I also reduced butter in this recipe for half organic coconut oil which is very healthy and adds a hint of coconut flavor to the bread as well.  The sour cream gives this bread a moist texture. My family likes a lot of pecans. You can also replace the 3/4 cup chopped pecan with 1/2 cup pecans if you want less nuts.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
15
Nutritional Facts:
NA
