URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64630487/microwave-cooked-shumai/
Title:
Microwave Cooked Shumai Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
100 grams mixed ground pork and ground beef
1 pack mustard leaves (8-10 pieces)
1/3 pc carrot
1/4 pc onion
4 pcs garlic scapes
1 1/2 tsp cornstarch
1 tsp sugar
2 Tbsp sake
1 tsp soy sauce
1 tsp sesame oil
1 egg, beaten
15-20 pcs shumai wrappers
1 Tbsp vinegar
1 Tbsp soy sauce

Directions:
Mince the carrot, onion and garlic scapes.
In a small bowl, combine the cornstarch, sugar, sake, soy sauce and sesame oil. Mix the seasonings well.
In a large bowl, combine the ground meat, whisked egg, minced vegetables and the seasonings. Mix all the ingredients until everything is well combined.
Prepare small amount of water in a small bowl. Place a piece of shumai wrapper at the palm of your hands then dampen the edges of the wrapper with a little amount of water. Scoop about a tablespoon of meat mixture then place it at the center of the shumai wrapper. Carefully bring the edges of the wrapper on top of the meat one by one to enclose. Do this process until you've wrapped all of the meat mixture.
Cut half of the mustard leaves then arrange them on a flat-bottomed microwave-proof bowl. Add a tablespoon of water then add the wrapped meat over the leaves.
Separate the rest of the leaves individually then place it on top of the wrapped meat. The leaves on top will serve as the cover when cooking.
Put the bowl in the microwave then cook for 4 minutes using 600W.
Prepare the dipping sauce by mixing equal portions of soy sauce and vinegar. Serve it with the cooked shumai.

Submitter: 
Pearl Ishizaki
Description: 
I never imagined that I can cook shumai in a microwave until I've tried it. It's one of my favorite Chinese food and I love the taste of the Japanese version of it. With this easy and simple recipe which is cooked in a microwave, I don't need to buy the frozen packs sold at the grocery store which I used to buy whenever I crave for it. I've also added more vegetables making this dish healthier.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
NA
