URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64638553/slowleighs-cottage-pie/
Title:
Slowleigh's Cottage Pie Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 1/2 lbs lean ground beef
5-6 slices bacon
1 large white onion (diced)
1/2 cup frozen peaches and cream corn kernels
1 cup frozen peas and carrots
1 package dry onion soup mix
6-7 Yellow flesh potatoes (peeled and quartered)
Salt & pepper to taste
1 tablespoon garlic powder
3 tablespoons butter
1/8 cup of 10% cream
1 clove of garlic, minced
1 cup of cheddar cheese - grated
9" X 13" baking dish (2" height)
cooking spray
Frying pan
Mesh strainer

Directions:
Spray baking dish with cooking spray
Preheat oven to 350 degrees
In a medium sized pot, add peeled & quartered potatoes, fill with water until just covering potatoes.  Add salt, pepper and garlic powder.  Bring to a boil and stir regularly for 10 minutes or until potatoes are soft.  Strain, add butter, minced garlic and cream and mash.  Set aside.
In a frying pan at medium heat, fry bacon until done (personal preference, I like it slightly underdone), remove from pan and wrap in paper towel to dry.
In same pan, fry diced onions in bacon grease until soft, remove from pan
In the same frying pan, add ground beef and begin frying.  Top with dry onion soup mix and mix to combine.
Once beef has started browning, add fried diced onions back to mix.  While still in the pan, add corn, peas and carrots.  Mix to combine.
Strain beef & veggie mixture through wire mesh strainer or coriander
Place beef & veggie mixture in baking dish
Chop bacon into small pieces, evenly distribute over beef mixture
Take mashed potatoes and spread evenly over the top of the mixture.
Bake uncovered in preheated oven for 25 minutes (appox)
Remove from oven, sprinkle grated cheese over top of potatoes, return to oven for 5 minutes, or until cheese has fully melted and is browning.
Enjoy

Submitter: 
Brian Slowleigh
Description: 
My spin on a classic comfort food.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
