URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64630489/simmered-daikon-and-bottle-gourd-with-miso-ground-meat/
Title:
Simmered Daikon and Bottle Gourd with Miso Ground Meat Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
300 grams daikon
100 grams bottle gourd
100 mL kombu (dried kelp) dashi
100 grams mixed ground pork and ground beef
1 tsp ginger
1 clove garlic
25 grams carrot
10 grams celery
1 1/2 Tbsp miso
2 tsp sugar
1 Tbsp sake
1 tsp doubanjiang
2 tsp cornstarch dissolved in
1 Tbsp water
myoga (Japanese red ginger, optional)

Directions:
Peel the daikon radish and bottle gourd. Slice the daikon along its width with about 3-cm thickness. Plain off the edges of the daikon using a knife or peeler to prevent it from breaking during cooking.
For the bottle gourd, the seeds must be taken so it must be sliced into quarters along its length, if you have a whole. Remove the seeds then peel and cut it into 3-cm thick.
Place the daikon and bottle gourd in a microwaveable bowl then pour the kombu dashi. Cover or wrap then cook in the microwave for 10 minutes using 600W. Keep the dashi stock after cooking.
Mince the ginger, garlic, carrot and celery.
In a small mixing bowl, combine the miso, sugar, sake and doubanjiang. Mix it well.
In a separate microwaveable bowl, combine the ground meat, garlic, ginger, celery, carrot and the seasoning mixture. Mix well.
Cover or wrap then bowl then microwave for 1 minute using 600W.
Take out the bowl from the microwave then mix and add the cornstarch water. Mix well then return the cover or wrap.
Put back in the microwave then cook for 2 minutes using 600W.
Arrange the daikon and bottle gourd in a serving plate then add the meat on top. Garnish with myoga.

Submitter: 
Pearl Ishizaki
Description: 
This is a Japanese-style simmered dish. When cooked long, the daikon radish releases its mild but sweet taste which is a great match for the ground meat with miso sauce. For this recipe, the daikon was softened using a microwave so the cooking time is much faster and easier.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
NA
