URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64635395/soft-and-chewy-panini-bread/
Title:
Soft and Chewy Panini Bread Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/4493712.jpg
Ingredients:
Bread Ingredients:
2 cups bread flour
2 1/2 teaspoons active dry yeast
1/2 teaspoons salt
1 1/2 teaspoon sugar
1/3 cup water
2/3 cup milk
1/4 cup olive oil for kneading and coating
Optional 1/8 cup total of assorted herbs and spices of your choice:
For an Italian taste, I use one or more of the following: rosemary, thyme, basil, garlic powder, onion powder and sometimes cut up calamata olives; topping the bread with thin onion slices, mozzerella and/or parmesan cheese.
Or for a kick I use one or more of the following: jarred jalapeno slices or diced fresh jalapenos, shredded cheddar cheese, garlic powder and red onion; topping the bread with additional shredded cheddar cheese and jalapeno.
Or for a "Red Lobster Cheddar Bay Biscuit" taste, I  use one or more of the following: cayenne pepper, garlic powder, shredded cheddar cheese, chopped green onion and dried parsely; topping the bread with extra shredded cheddar and parsely.

Directions:
Proof the yeast: Mix the water with the milk in a pot on the stove and heat on low to medium low until the temperature reaches 110F degrees; stirring constantly. Add the sugar and stir to dissolve. Once the temperature of the milk mixture is at 110 degrees, turn off heat and pour mixture into a cup or other cylindrical glass. Sprinkle the active dry yeast onto the mixture. Stir until yeast is incorporated into the milk mixture. Let mixture rest for 10 minutes. You know your yeast is ready when it's frothy and bubbly and you can smell it.
For Dough:­ Pour flour, salt and any seasonings of your choice into a large mixing bowl and stir. When the yeast is foamy, pour milk-sugar-yeast mixture into the flour and mix well. Your dough should be a sticky.
Turn out onto a floured surface and knead for five minutes. As you knead, you'll notice your dough will be very sticky. So knead moving your fingers and hands quickly. The following is a great video that depicts the dough's consistency and how to knead it: https://youtu.be/YzbQOuvgfXI . Shape dough into a ball and place in a large bowl greased with olive oil. Tossing the dough ball a few times in the bowl to make sure all sides have touched oil. Cover bowl with plastic wrap and a towel, and let rise in a warm place for an hour or so, or until doubled in size.
Put the dough back on the floured surface and punch down. Coat your hands with a thin coat of olive oil and knead again for another minute, then divide into five balls. Flatten the balls out to thick rectangles. Place the rectangles onto a greased baking sheet and brush the tops with a thin coat of olive oil. Let rest for 20 minutes.
Meanwhile, preheat your oven to 350 degrees. Bake dough for 12 minutes, then watching the bread in the oven, increase the heat to broil for 1 minute; just so that the top of the rolls turn golden brown. You'll want to watch the bread as soon as you turn the heat to broil as the tops will become brown fast. When bread is finished baking, take it out of the oven and off of the baking sheet. Allow to cool completely then cut lengthwise for a top and bottom to your panini!

Submitter: 
Courtney Lynn Hernandez
Description: 
Pogaca (Bosnian / Croatian) or pogacha is a type of bread baked in the ashes of the fireplace, and later on in the oven. This bread is found in the cuisines of the Balkans, and Turkey. So I searched high and low for a great bread to bake for my homemade paninis. I tried maybe a dozen bread recipes over the years just to get it right. I needed a bread that was light and airy that you could press using a panini press and wouldn't get too hard to chew or too thick to eat. Something a tiny bit crunchy and chewy but very soft!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
90min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
5
Nutritional Facts:
NA
