URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64637341/lobster-tails-w-yaki-soba/
Title:
Lobster Tails w/ Yaki Soba Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/4503850.jpg
Ingredients:
2 Lobster Tails
12 oz. Yaki Soba Noodles, cooked
1 crown Broccoli, separated to florets.
6 cloves Garlic, finely minced
1/4 cup Oyster Sauce
1 tablespoons Sesame Oil
1 tablespoon Sesame Seeds
1 Lime, sliced in half
Olive Oil
Salt & Pepper

Directions:
Heat up a pot of salted water over high heat.
When boiling, place the broccoli florets into the pot and steam for 1 minute.
Once the broccoli changes color, drain immediately and season with salt and pepper.
Then, heat 2 tablespoons of Olive Oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat.
When hot, cook the minced garlic for 2 minutes, and season with salt.
Once it begins to brown, quickly remove from heat and place into a bowl.
Place skillet over flame again, and heat 4 additional tablespoons of Olive Oil.
When hot, place the soba noodles in with 1/4 cup of Cold Water, and cover for 2 minutes.
Uncover, make sure the noodles are separated and stir in broccoli.
Mix in Oyster Sauce and stir until even. (Add additional taste if too light).
Drizzle Sesame Oil, stir, cover, and turn off the flame.
Then, preheat the broiler to 500 °F (260 °C).
Place the lobster tails on a baking sheet.
Using kitchen scissors, cut along the top of the lobster tails’ shell and pull outward slightly to create a small gap between both sides of the shell.
Season the lobster meat with olive oil, salt, and pepper.
Broil the lobster tails for 7-8 minutes, or until the shell starts to become brown and the lobster meat is opaque.
Carefully remove the meat from the shell, keeping both the shell and the meat intact.
Serve the meat on top of the shell on top of a bed of soba noodles and a side of broccoli.
Squeeze half a lime onto each piece of meat, and place a quarter of the cooked garlic on top of the meat.
Garnish with sesame seeds and serve!

Submitter: 
Alex Mei
Description: 
A dish that is perfect for a healthy dinner that will be sure impress your friends and family!  Rich and flavorful lobster, served with warm and comforting soba!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 min
Ready in:
60 min
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
NA
