URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64633947/chicken-tagine-with-apricots-almonds-chickpeas/
Title:
Chicken Tagine with Apricots, Almonds &Chickpeas; Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Olive oil
3 pounds chicken legs and thighs (about 4 each)
1 yellow onion, diced
1 carrot, peeled and diced
2 cloves garlic, minced
1-inch piece ginger root, peeled and minced
1 teaspoon coriander
1 teaspoon cumin
1 teaspoon cinnamon
1 cup chicken stock
1 cup dried couscous
1/2 cup dried apricots, roughly chopped
1 tablespoon honey
1/4 cup almonds, roughly chopped
2 cups (1 15-oz can) chickpeas, drained and rinsed
2 tablespoons cilantro, optional, for serving

Directions:
Warm one tablespoon of oil in a large Dutch oven (at least 5 1/2-quarts) or tagine over medium-high heat until the oil flows easily and you can see it shimmering. Sprinkle the chicken pieces with salt and pepper, and place as many as will fit into the pan without crowding. Sear for 5 to 8 minutes, flipping once, until both sides are golden brown. Remove to a clean plate and continue searing the rest of the chicken pieces. If necessary, add more oil to keep a thin film on the bottom of the pan. If the oil starts smoking, turn down the heat.
Pour off all but a teaspoon of oil and return the pan to medium heat. Sauté the onions and carrots with a half teaspoon of salt until softened and beginning to brown, about 10 minutes. Stir in the garlic and cook until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Sprinkle the ginger and spices over top and cook until fragrant, another minute.
Stir the chicken stock and apricots into the pan, scraping up any seared bits that might be stuck to the bottom of the pan. Nestle the chicken pieces into the pan; try to fit them in a single layer, but it's ok if some pieces overlap.
Bring the liquid to a boil, then reduce the heat to low. Cover the pan and cook for 50-60 minutes. The tagine is ready when the chicken registers 165° on an instant-read thermometer in the thickest part of the meat and when its juices run clear.
While the chicken is cooking, prepare the couscous and set aside. (See: How to Cook Couscous)
Transfer the cooked chicken to a clean plate and tent with foil. Add the honey, almonds, and chickpeas to the pan with the apricots and onions, and increase the heat to medium-high. Bring the stew to a rapid simmer and cook until it has thickened slightly. Taste the sauce and add salt if necessary.
To serve, spread the cooked couscous on a serving platter and arrange the chicken pieces on top. Ladle the stew over top, making sure the chicken pieces each get a good coating. Sprinkle with cilantro and serve.

Submitter: 
Jill Sander
Description: 
Tagine is the name for both the North African dish and the vessel in which it's prepared. The idea is very similar to Western-style braising in Dutch ovens: combine ingredients, cover, and cook over low heat until tender and tasty. The tagine traps steam, creating a very moist cooking environment with even heat.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 min
Ready in:
90 min
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
