URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64639944/best-chicken-parmesan/
Title:
Best Chicken Parmesan Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/4511578.jpg
Ingredients:
Marinara Sauce*:
3 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil
4 garlic cloves, minced
½ onion, finely chopped
1 box (13.76 oz) Italian crushed tomatoes with basil
2 tablespoons red wine (or 1 teaspoon balsamic vinegar)
½ cup chicken broth
Pinch crushed red pepper flakes
½ teaspoon garlic powder
½ teaspoon onion powder
Salt and Pepper to taste
½ teaspoon dried oregano
½ teaspoon Italian seasoning
Pinch of sugar
3 tablespoons chopped fresh basil leaves
1 pound rigatoni
4 boneless, skinless chicken breasts
Breading Station:
1 cup flour
¼ teaspoon salt
½ teaspoon garlic powder
¼ teaspoon pepper
2 large eggs
3 tablespoons milk
1 cup Italian style breadcrumbs
¼ cup Parmesan cheese, grated
½ teaspoon garlic powder
1 teaspoon dried oregano
1 teaspoon Italian seasoning
¼ teaspoon salt
¾ cup mozzarella, shredded
¼ cup Parmesan, grated
Canola oil for frying

Directions:
Heat a large skillet over medium heat and add oil. When heated up, add the garlic and onion. Stir for 2 minutes and add the crushed tomatoes. Add the rest of the sauce ingredients (except the basil leaves, add those at the last minute), lower heat to low and simmer for 15 minutes while you prepare the chicken, stirring occasionally.
Meanwhile, in a large pot of boiling salted water, cook pasta according to package instructions; drain well.
Preheat oven to 450°F. Prepare a rimmed sheet pan with parchment paper.
Rinse and dry chicken. Place the chicken breasts in a large Ziploc bag and flatten to ¼” thickness with a meat mallet.
Prepare the breading station with 3 large mixing bowls: 1 bowl with flour, salt, garlic powder and pepper mixed together. Another with the egg and milk beaten, and the third with the breadcrumbs, Parmesan cheese, garlic powder, oregano, Italian seasoning and salt mixed together with a fork.
Coat each piece of chicken in flour and shake off excess, dip into egg and lastly coat in breadcrumb mixture. Repeat steps for remaining chicken and set aside on a plate. Meanwhile in a large cast iron skillet add 1" oil over medium-high heat. When pan is hot but not smoking add breaded chicken in batches. Cook until golden brown, about 1-2 minutes on each side. Transfer chicken to the sheet pan, sprinkle the top with mozzarella and Parmesan cheeses and bake in the oven until the chicken reaches 165°F and the cheese has melted, about 5 minutes.
Serve immediately with rigatoni and marinara sauce.

Submitter: 
Culinary Envy
Description: 
This easy baked Best Chicken Parmesan has a crispy crust, juicy interior, zesty marinara sauce and a crusty golden layer of gooey cheeses.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 mins
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
