URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64638746/chicken-and-andouille-sausage-quesadillas/
Title:
Chicken and Andouille Sausage Quesadillas Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 Boneless Chicken Breasts, cooked and chopped or shredded
2 Pieces of Andouille Sausage, cubed into 1/2" pieces
3 Tbsp. of Olive Oil
1 Medium Onion, diced
3 Cloves of Garlic, finely chopped
1 Can of Refried Beans
2 Tbsp. of Taco Seasoning
1/2 Jar of Black Bean Chipotle Salsa
8 - 10" Whole Wheat Tortillas
2 Cups of Monterey Jack Cheese

Directions:
In a small skillet, brown the Andouille Sausage, cool and set aside.  In a large skillet under medium/high heat place 1 Tbsp. of oil, and once heated, add the Garlic and Onion and cook until the Onion is translucent.  Add the can of Refried Beans and the Taco Seasoning and mix thoroughly.  Add the 1/2 jar of Black Bean Chipotle Salsa, reduce heat to low, and cook until most of the liquid disappears, stirring frequently.  Add the Chicken and Andouille Sausage and blend together and simmer for a few minutes to let the flavors meld together.  Remove from the heat and let the mixture cool.
Place a few Tortillas on a cutting board.  On one half of each Tortilla, add enough Jack Cheese to provide a small layer to the bottom of the Tortilla, then add 1/8 of the mixture to each Tortilla and spread to within 1/4" of the edge of each Tortilla half, then add another sprinkling of Jack Cheese.
Put a small amount (maybe 1/2 Tsp.) of Olive Oil into a clean skillet capable of handling a 10" Tortilla over medium/low heat.  Fold each filled Tortilla in 1/2 (to make a half moon) and place into the skillet once the oil is heated.  Place a cover over the skillet.  Cook for 3 minutes or until the Tortilla is brown on the bottom.  Then, using a spatula, flip the Tortilla, cover and cook another 3 minutes or until the Tortilla is brown on the bottom.  Once cooked, remove from the skillet and place on a cutting board.  Continue this process for the remaining 7 Tortillas.  You can cook 2 Tortillas at a time, if desired.
Cut each of  the Quesadillas into 4 pieces and serve with Salsa and/or Sour Cream.

Submitter: 
LonestarNR
Description: 
The combination of Chicken, Andouille Sausage, and Monterey Jack Cheese make these Quesadillas a delicious appetizer or meal.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
