URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64630552/chewy-jumbo-chocolate-chip-cookies/
Title:
Chewy Jumbo Chocolate Chip Cookies Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/4477349.jpg
Ingredients:
4 1/4 cups all-purpose flour (lightened before measuring)
1 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon baking soda
1 teaspoon salt
3/4 cups Butter, softened (Do not melt or warm butter in microware to soften. Instead sit out until it reached room temperture. Do not allow it to over soften)
3/4 cups Butter Crisco
1 1/4 cups white sugar
1 1/4 cup firmly packed brown sugar
2 large eggs, room temperature
1 tablespoon vanilla
2 cups semi-sweet chocolate chips or chocolate chips

Directions:
Combine flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt in bowl, sift or whisk to combine; set aside.
Combine butter, Crisco, white sugar and brown sugar in another bowl. Beat at medium speed, scraping bowl often, until creamy. (Mixture will lighten in color when creamed long enough.)
Add eggs and vanilla. Continue beating, scraping bowl often, until well mixed.
Gradually add flour mixture, beating at low speed until well mixed.
Stir in chocolate chips.
Refrigerate for at least 1 hour or overnight (can be refrigerated up to 2-days)
Heat oven to 375°F.
Drop dough by 1/3 cupfuls (if weighing they will weigh 3.30 oz raw), 2 inches apart, onto ungreased cookie sheets.
Bake 10-14 minutes or until light golden brown, rotating pan 1/2 way through for even baking. (Cookie will "appear" to be under cooked, but it is not. Do not over-bake as they will become hard.)
Cool 1 minute on cookie sheets; remove to cooling rack.
Store in air tight container with piece of white bread wrapped in paper towel to keep moist. Change the bread when it hardens to keep cookies soft and chewy.

Submitter: 
Dianna Jacobs-Fresh
Description: 
My daughter and I took the basic Toll House recipe and spent a week tweaking it until we ended up with this recipe. The result is a jumbo chocolate chip cookie that is crisp on the outside and chewy in the middle.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30
Ready in:
1
Number of servings: 
22
Nutritional Facts:
NA
