URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64630922/sugar-cookie-cups-with-coconut-buttercream-frosting/
Title:
Sugar Cookie Cups with Coconut Buttercream Frosting Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
16.5 roll refrigerated sugar cookie dough
3/4 cup unsalted butter, room temperature
3 cups powdered sugar, sifted
1 teaspoon coconut extract
3-4 tablespoons canned coconut milk
1/4 cup shredded coconut (optional)
1/4 cup candy sprinkles (optional)
1/4 cup colored sugar (optional)

Directions:
Heat oven to 350 degrees F (190 degrees C).  Scoop 2 teaspoons sugar cookie dough and roll into a ball. Place the ball into a greased or non-stick mini muffin pan. Repeat until the pan is full. Dip the bottom of a shot glass in flour and press each ball of dough to form an indentation. The top of the dough should be about 1/4 inch below the rim of the pan.
Bake for 10 minutes, remove the pan and press the indentation again, and bake for another minute or until cookies are very lightly browned. The dough might puff up while baking, but it will sink back after you remove the pan from the oven. Cool the pan on a rack for 5 minutes before carefully removing the cookies. Let the cookies finish cooling completely while you make the coconut buttercream frosting.
In a mixing bowl, cream the softened butter until fluffy. Add powdered sugar, a cup at a time, until well blended. Add coconut extract and 3 tablespoons coconut milk, and beat at high speed until frosting is light and fluffy, adding an additional tablespoon coconut milk if needed.
Spoon or pipe frosting into each cookie cup. Add coconut, sprinkles, or colored sugar as desired.

Submitter: 
foodelicious
Description: 
Adorable mini sugar cookie cups are filled with swirls of coconut buttercream frosting for easy, irresistible two-bite desserts. Customize them for any holiday or occasion by adding colorful sprinkles and candies. Perfect for showers, cookie swaps, and bake sales, too.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
NA
