URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64643848/chicken-and-white-bean-enchiladas-with-creamy-green-chile-sauce/
Title:
CHICKEN AND WHITE BEAN ENCHILADAS WITH CREAMY GREEN CHILE SAUCE Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
FOR THE CHICKEN AND WHITE BEAN FILLING:1 tsp olive oil1/4 cup minced white onion2 cloves garlic, minced1 can (4.5 oz) chopped green chiles15.5 oz can Navy beans (or Cannellini beans)8 oz cooked shredded chicken breast1/4 cup water1 chicken bullion1 teaspoon ground cuminFOR THE GREEN CHILE ENCHILADA SAUCE:1 teaspoon butter1/2 cup chopped white onion2 tbsp flour1 cup reduced sodium chicken broth7 oz can chopped green chile2 jalapeos, chopped (I used jarred)kosher salt1/2 cup light sour cream3/4 cup reduced fat Mexican cheese8 (8-inch) flour tortillaschopped fresh cilantro or scallions (or both!)DIRECTIONS:Read more at http://www.skinnytaste.com/chicken-and-white-bean-enchiladas-with/#hvVm5xOKgiUaie2Y.99

Directions:
Preheat oven to 375.For the Filling: In a medium pan, heat olive oil on low. Add onions, garlic and saute until soft, about 2-3 minutes. Add green chiles, beans, water, bullion, and cumin. Mix well and cover. Simmer on low 15 minutes. Remove cover, add chicken and cook an additional 5 minutes, or until it thickens and liquid boils down. Set aside.Green Chile Enchilada Sauce: In a large nonstick pan, melt the butter over medium heat. Add onion and cook, stirring occasionally, until the onion softens and starts to turn translucent, about 3-4 minutes. Add flour and stir well. Cook for 1 minute, stirring constantly. Slowly whisk in the chicken broth. Whisk until the sauce becomes smooth. Cook over medium heat until the sauce boils and thickens, about 4-5 minutes. Add green chiles, jalepeos, and salt to tatse. Cook another minute then remove from the heat. Stir in the sour cream.Spread about 1/4 cup of the enchilada sauce on the bottom of a 913 baking dish. Fill each tortilla with 1/3 cup of the chicken/white bean filling. Roll the tortillas and place seam side down in the prepared baking dish. Continue filling remainder of the tortillas.Pour the enchilada sauce over the top of the enchiladas. Top with cheese. Cover with aluminum and bake 20-30 minutes, until the enchiladas are hot and the cheese is melted. Remove from oven and top with fresh cilantro or scallions.NUTRITION INFORMATIONYield: 8 Servings, Serving Size: 1 enchiladaAmount Per Serving:Smart Points: 7Points +: 6Calories: 231Total Fat: 8gSaturated Fat: gCholesterol: 30mgSodium: 840mgCarbohydrates: 24gFiber: 9gSugar: 2gProtein: 20gRead more at http://www.skinnytaste.com/chicken-and-white-bean-enchiladas-with/#hvVm5xOKgiUaie2Y.99

Submitter: 
Gina Lee Lafreniere
Description: 
7 Smart Points 231 calories TOTAL:1 hourWhite beans, shredded chicken, green chiles, sour cream and cheese  need I say more?
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15
Ready in:
45
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
