URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64643584/pork-saltimbocca/
Title:
Pork Saltimbocca Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 (1 pound) pork tenderloins, trimmedSalt & pepper to taste8 thin slices prosciutto 8 large sage leaves + 1 teaspoon minced1 large egg white (1/4 cup)3 Tblspns Olive Oil2 garlic cloves sliced thin - not minced1 cup chicken broth1/4 cup dry white wine4 tblspns unsalted butter - cut into 4 pieces2 teaspoons  lemon juice

Directions:
Cut each tenderloin into 4 equal pieces.  Working with 1 piece at a time, place the pork,cut side down, between 2 pieces of plastic wrap.  Using a meat pounder, gently pound to even 1/4 inch thickness. (Pieces should be about 5 inches long.).   Pat pork  dry with paper towels and season with pepper.
Place 1 prosciutto slice on top of each cutlet, folding as necessary to prevent overhang.  Dip 1 side  of each sage leaf in egg white and place 1 leaf, egg side down, in the center of each prosciutto slice.  Cover with plastic and pound lightly until  prosciutto and sage adhere to pork.
Heat 2 tablespoons oil in a 12 inch skillet over medium-high heat until shimmering. Add half the pork to the skillet, prosciutto side down, and cook until lightly browned, about 2 minutes,  Using tongs, carefully flip pork and cook until second side is king the golden brown, about 1 minute. Transfer to platter and tent with aluminum foil.  Repeat with remaining pork.
Add remaining 1 tablespoon oil to now empty skillet and heat over medium-high heat until shimmering.  Add garlic and mingled sage and cook until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Stir in broth and wine and simmer until reduced to 1/2 cup, 5-7 minutes, scraping up and browned bits.  Reduce heat to low and whisk in butter, 1 piece at a time.  Stir in lemon juice and any accumulated meat juices from platter,  Season with salt and pepper to taste. Spoon sauce over pork and serve.

Submitter: 
N8TE
Description: 
A different take from America's Test Kitchen
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
