URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64649953/choco-cherry-ice-cream-browniewiches/
Title:
Choco-Cherry Ice Cream Brownie’Wiches Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 (20 oz) brownie mix, such as Ghirardelli Double Chocolate
¼ cup water
1/3 cup vegetable oil
1 egg
1 (1.5 gal) chocolate ice cream, softened for 10-15 minutes
1 (1.5 gal) cherry chocolate ice cream, softened for 10-15 minutes

Directions:
Preheat oven to 300°F. Prepare an 11 x 17 pan by spritzing with water and covering with parchment (water keeps parchment from moving). Cover the pan and parchment paper with cooking spray.
Combine brownie mix with water, oil, egg and spread over the pan. This will be quite thin, but do the best you can. Bake 25 minutes and cool completely. Perforate the brownie with a bench scraper or knife, first dividing in half, then 4 x 3 on each side, to make a total of 24 squares of brownie. Cover with plastic wrap and store in freezer.
Cover another 11 x 17 pan with aluminum foil, creating a raised fold in the center so that the pan is divided into two separated compartments. Alternatively, use two half sheet pans. Cover each compartment or half pan with a sheet of parchment cut to size.
Soften ice creams one at a time. Place chocolate ice cream into a bowl of a mixer and blend on low for a few seconds until uniformly softened. Spread into one side of aluminum-covered baking sheet and put in the freezer. Clean out mixer bowl, dry, add softened cherry chocolate ice cream and blend on a low for a few seconds. Pull the pan from the freezer and spread the second side with the cherry chocolate ice cream. Cover with plastic wrap or foil and freeze overnight.
Remove one half of the brownie section to another baking sheet. You can cut the parchment to help facilitate this movement. Remove the ice cream pan from the freezer and set next to one sheet pan of brownies. Lift the foil on the cherry chocolate ice cream, using your fingers and a spatula, if necessary, to slip your hand in between the foil and parchment lining. Quickly flip onto the brownie and peel of the parchment.
Put both the ice cream pan and the brownie pan topped with the cherry chocolate ice cream with brownie pan back into the freezer for 2 hours or more. Repeat the above process and Flip the sheet of the chocolate ice cream over the cherry chocolate. Top with the other brownie sheet and freeze for 5 hours or overnight.
Get 6 parchment or waxed paper sandwich bags ready by putting on labels and opening each. Pull out the pan of ice cream sandwich and using a bench scraper or sharp knife, follow your previous perforations and cut through 6 of the brownies. Quickly slip each sandwich into your prepared bags, fold over and crease to seal. Promptly return to freezer along with rest of brownie tray. In an hour or so, repeat with the final 6.
When firmly frozen, hand out the bags. Peel the bag down as you eat, keeping the bag beneath the sandwich to catch drips!

Submitter: 
Matt Wencl
Description: 
Is there anything better together than cherry and chocolate? The assembly for these ice cream sandwiches is a bit challenging, but the flavor is totally worth it! For thicker brownies, use a smaller pan when baking and cut down your servings to 6.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
24 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
