URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64647097/turkey-meatballs-lasagna-skillet/
Title:
Turkey Meatballs Lasagna Skillet Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/4530330.jpg
Ingredients:
1 1/2 pound ground turkey
1/4 cup breadcrumbs (plain or Italian seasoned)
1 large egg
1/2 cup ricotta cheese
1/2 cup mozzarella cheese, shredded (plus more for topping)
1 tablespoon Italian seasoning
1 tablespoon fresh parsley, chopped
3 cloves garlic, minced (divided
Salt and Pepper
1 28 ounce can tomato sauce
1 7 ounce can tomato paste
1 teaspoon dried basil
1 teaspoon dried parsley
1 teaspoon dried thyme
1 teaspoon dried oregano
1 box of your favorite pasta (we used penne)
Olive oil for frying meatballs

Directions:
Heat your Big Green Egg to 350 degrees.
In a large bowl add ground turkey, egg, breadcrumbs, ricotta, mozzarella, Italian seasonings, 2 cloves minced garlic, 1 teaspoon of salt and 1/2 teaspoon of pepper.  (The mixture will be kind of wet but that is ok)  Use your hands to combine mixture.  Use an ice cream scoop to roll out your meatballs to the same size and set on a large platter.
Take your large cast iron pan and put in the center of your Big Green Egg.  Let the pan get really hot (about 5 minutes)  Add in about 3 tablespoons of olive oil.  Let the oil get very hot (about 1 minute).
Carefully add in the meatballs to the hot pan.  Cook the meatballs for about 10 minutes turning to brown all sides.  (I used 2 spoons).  In the pan pour in the tomato sauce, paste, remaining clove garlic, basil, parsley, thyme, garlic, 1 teaspoon of salt and 1/2 teaspoon of pepper.  Stir around.  Once the sauce starts to get hot take the back of a spoon and press the paste into the sauce or the back of the pan to help it dissolve.  Add 1 can of water from the paste into the pan.  Lower the temperature to 275 degrees and cover the pan with foil.  Cover the EGG.
Meanwhile, boil water in a large pot then add a few tablespoons of salt.  Cook the pasta following the box directions left 3 minutes.  (we will cook the remaining pasta on the EGG).
Drain the pasta and dump into the sauce and meatballs on the EGG.  Use a long spoon to coat the pasta with sauce.  Add about 1/4 to 1/2 cup of mozzarella cheese.  Close the lid and let all of the ingredients to incorporate and the cheese to melt; about 10 minutes.
Serve family style!  Enjoy xo

Submitter: 
Cindy Anschutz Barbieri
Description: 
We love our Big Green Egg.  As we are testing new recipes for my new show coming this fall I wanted to make a pasta dish on the Big Green Egg.  I used my 12 inch Lodge cast iron pan.  This was a big hit and this recipe fed 4 adults and 4 kids!  

Go ahead and give this amazing dish a try!  Enjoy xo

Cindy's Tip!  Keep your pantry stocked with your spices to make any meal favorable!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
