URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64646456/butternut-squash-lasagna/
Title:
Butternut Squash Lasagna Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/4528712.jpg
Ingredients:
1 large butternut squash
1-2 tablespoons olive oil (divided)
1 teaspoon unsalted butter
3-4 cloves garlic (chopped)
1/2 yellow onion (diced--1/2 cup)
1 cup coconut milk (can full fat)
1 (15 ounce) can petite diced tomatoes
1 teaspoon dried basil
1 teaspoon dried parsley
1 teaspoon dried sage
1 teaspoon sea salt
1 teaspoon freshly ground pepper
2 bags baby spinach

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees.
To prepare your butternut squash (this is a process I taught in my class at Glastonbury High School)--Cut the squash in half, then use a vegetable peeler to remove the skin--this way you are only removing the skin.
If you have a mandoline that will work to create your "lasagna sheets" or you can use a sharp chefs knife into this strips.
Heat your large saute pan over medium heat.  Add in 1 tablespoon olive oil and butter.  Add in onions, 1 teaspoon sea salt and let cook for 1 minutes then add in garlic and cook for 30 seconds.
Next add coconut milk, petite diced tomatoes, parsley, basil, and sage.  Bring to a high simmer--let cover and remove from heat.
For the spinach, mine was microwavable in the bag.  If you have a bag that does not have that listen then put into a microwave dish with 3 tablespoons of water and set on high for 3 minutes.  Squeeze the liquid and set aside--easy!
To make your lasagna--take a ladle full of the cream sauce and add to the bottom of your pan (just enough to cover the bottom).  Add a layer of butternut squash, then top with an even layer of spinach and add 2 ladles of cream sauce to cover then spinach.  Top with a layer of butternut squash then pour the rest of the cream sauce to cover the lasagna.
Bake, uncovered for about 45 minutes.
Let sit for 5 minutes then enjoy family style!

Submitter: 
Cindy Anschutz Barbieri
Description: 
The butternut squash adds amazing fall flavors to this lasagna.  If you have a mandolin, use it to create the perfect lasagna noodles.  To make this a more heartier lasagna, saute up ground beef, ground chicken or even sausage for a meatier meal.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
