URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64646965/pasta-sausage-and-peas/
Title:
Pasta, Sausage, and Peas Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/4530103.jpg
Ingredients:
1 tablespoon olive oil
4 chicken sausages (hot or sweet), sliced about 1 1/2 inch
1 shallot, chopped
1 clove garlic, chopped
1 13 ounce can tomato puree
1 teaspoon dried parsley
1 teaspoon dried basil
1 teaspoon dried oregano
1 teaspoon sea salt
3/4 teaspoon freshly ground pepper
1 7 ounce can tomato paste
1 cup frozen peas
1 box pasta
Parmesan cheese

Directions:
Heat your braising pan or large pot over medium-heat.  Add in oil and once hot add in sliced sausages and cook for about 7 minutes turning often to brown all sides using a wooden spoon.  Meanwhile boil water in a large sauce pan.  Once the water boils add in 2 tablespoons of salt and cook pasta less 2 minutes from the box directions.
Add shallot and garlic to the pan and cook for 2 minutes.  Add in sauce, parsley, basil, oregano, salt and pepper.  Bring to a high simmer and lower temperature to medium-low.  Add in paste and press against the edge of the pan to dissolve into the sauce.  Run your hot water and fill the can with water and use a teaspoon to scoop up the remaining paste the pour into the pan and 1 more can of water.  Cover and simmer for 10 minutes.
Add frozen peas to the pot.  When pasta is ready use a large slotted spoon and take pasta and add to the sauce pot.  Let combine for 2 minutes then remove from heat and place on the table.  Serve and Enjoy!
Sprinkle with freshly grated parmesan cheese!

Submitter: 
Cindy Anschutz Barbieri
Description: 
I love my one-pot recipes and even though I needed a pan to boil the pasta there was no need for a colander nor a platter or bowl to serve the dish.  My beautiful pan served as a perfect serving dish! All of my dried herbs are from Simply Organic!

I used 2 hot and 2 sweet chicken sausage which added amazing flavor to the sauce!  You can also just add the frozen peas into the hot sauce!  This is a 30 minute meal perfect for a family of 4.  

When we enjoy pasta from a box there is only one I will serve my family (and myself). It has to be DeCecco Pasta!  

Tip: You can add in onion, pepp
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
