URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64647723/homemade-chocolate-fudge-covered-rocky-road-ice-cream/
Title:
Homemade Chocolate Fudge Covered Rocky Road Ice Cream Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1/2 cup Cocoa Powder
3/4 cup Sugar
2 cups Whole Milk
2 cups Heavy Cream
1/2 cup Semi-Sweet Chocolate Chips
4 whole Egg Yolks
1 pinch Sea Salt
1 teaspoon Pure Vanilla Extract
1 cup Sliced Almonds
1 cup Mini Marshmallows
8 cups of any kind of chocolate chips

Directions:
1. In a large sauce pan add cocoa powder and sugar. Mix until well combined. Add milk 1/4 cup at a time mixing thoroughly between additions. Continue to repeat with cream. Bring to a simmer over medium heat, stirring frequently. Once simmering remove from heat and add chocolate. Stir until dissolved.
2. In a small heatproof container add egg yolks and whisk. Take 1/4 cup chocolate-cream mixture and add to egg yolks while stirring to temper. Repeat until 2 cups chocolate-cream mixture has been added to the egg yolks. While stirring the chocolate-cream mixture in the pan return to medium heat and add chocolate-egg yolk mixture. Return to a simmer and cook 2 minutes or until slightly thickened. Remove from heat. Add sea salt and vanilla, stir well.
3. Place mixture into a heat safe container and refrigerate until cold.
4. Follow manufacturer's suggestions for your ice cream maker.
5. Add chocolate-cream mixture to the ice cream maker and process for 15 minutes or until starting to look like soft serve ice cream. Add almonds and marshmallows and process another 5 minutes.
6. Place ice cream mixture into a freezer safe container and freeze for 6 hours or until firm.
7. Melt the 8 cups of your choice of chocolate chips in a microwave for about 7 1/2 minutes.
8. After the 8 cups of the chosen type of chocolate chips are fully melted pour the chocolate mixture over the ice cream!
9. Enjoy!

Submitter: 
Alexander Petrie
Description: 
Homemade Rocky Road Ice Cream recipe from scratch. Chocolate ice cream filled with sliced almonds and marshmallows.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
6 1/5 h
Number of servings: 
29
Nutritional Facts:
NA
