URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64646964/pasta-surprise/
Title:
Pasta Surprise Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/4530101.jpg
Ingredients:
1 cup (8 ounces) red cherry or grape tomatoes, halved
1 cup (8 ounces) yellow cherry or grape tomatoes, halved
1 zucchini, chopped
2 tablespoons olive oil plus extra for drizzling
1 teaspoon sea salt
1/2 teaspoon freshly ground pepper
1/2 cup Almond meal
2 1/2 teaspoon italian seasoning **see note below
1 pound shells (or other pasta), spaghetti squash, zucchini or other short tube-shaped pasta
1 cup pecorino Romano cheese, grated
Ingredients for Italian Seasoning
2 teaspoons dried oregano
1 teaspoon dried basil
1 teaspoon dried parsley
1 teaspoon dried rosemary
1 teaspoon dried thyme leaves

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Set out a 8x8 glass baking dish.
Add in tomatoes and zucchini then drizzle with 2 tablespoon olive oil then season with salt and pepper.
In a bowl combine almond meal and italian seasonings. Evenly sprinkle over tomatoes and zucchini. Drizzle a little olive oil over the mixture and bake for 25-30 minutes. Until the top is golden brown.
Over high heat bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the pasta and cook until tender but still firm to the bite, stirring occasionally, about 8 to 10 minutes. Drain and reserve about 1 cup of the pasta water.
Place the pasta in a large serving bowl. Add cheese and stir together then add in tomato mixture.
Combine all ingredients. If you need more liquid add 1/4 cup at a time of the pasta water or add additional olive oil. Serve immediately or warm.
Directions for Italian Seasoning:
Combine all ingredients together. Store in a sealed container.
NOTE: You can prepare this amazing dish using a few variations: 1. Roast a spaghetti squash at 350 degrees for 45 minutes. 2. Prepare zucchini noodles by first sauté in a little olive oil and garlic for 3 minutes then toss in tomato mixture. 3. Any gluten free or other desired pasta! 4. This tomato and zucchini mixture would also go great over grilled chicken breast. Enjoy!

Submitter: 
Cindy Anschutz Barbieri
Description: 
Are you wondering why I called this dish Pasta Surprise? You can create this dish in so many delicious variations that no matter how you serve it. Each taste is amazing and everyone will smile as you gave them a huge surprise! Give it a try…
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
