URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64648693/buddha-bowl-bento-box-with-apples-and-peanut-butter-dip/
Title:
Buddha Bowl Bento Box with Apples and Peanut Butter Dip Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/4533983.jpg
Ingredients:
Buddha Bowl
1 sweet potato, diced
1 red pepper, diced
2 T. extra virgin olive oil
Salt and pepper
8.5 oz. 90 second Whole Grain Medley Quinoa & Brown Rice with garlic
16 oz. grilled or rotisserie chicken, diced
2 avocados, diced
8 T. Green Goddess dressing
Peanut Butter Dip
1/3 c. creamy peanut butter
1/2 c. low-fat vanilla yogurt
1/2 c. whip topping, such as cool whip

Directions:
Buddha Bowl
1. Preheat oven to 400 degrees. In a bowl combine the sweet potato with 1 T.  olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Toss to combine and spread evenly over a sheet pan. Repeat with red pepper. Roast the sweet potatoes and red peppers for 15-20 minutes, turning once half way through and cook until starting to caramelize. Remove from oven.
2. While veggies are roasting cook the quinoa and rice. Take 4 containers and spread 1/2 c. quinoa rice mixture over the bottom of each. Top with equal portions of sweet potatoes, red peppers, chicken and avocado. Drizzle dressing over top and serve.
Note: If you are not going to eat right away, you can wait to cut your avocado until you're ready to eat, or sprinkle lemon over top to prevent the avocado from oxidizing and turning brown. Also, you can use any dressing you like for this. I've used spicy ranch and red pepper vinaigrette with great results as well.
Peanut Butter Dip
1. In a medium bowl combine the peanut butter and yogurt until smooth. Fold in the whip topping until well combined. Divide mixture among 4 containers and serve with a sliced apple. If you are not going to eat your apple right away, sprinkle it with lemon juice so it does not oxidize and become brown.

Submitter: 
Elizabeth
Description: 
Here is a healthy Buddha Bowl packed with nutrition and served in a bento box with a sweet, yet healthy peanut butter dip for a complete lunch on the go!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10
Ready in:
30
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
