URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64644730/ebi-chili/
Title:
Ebi Chili Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/4524341.jpg
Ingredients:
12 pieces large shrimp (or about 150 grams)
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 tablespoon cornstarch
1 teaspoon ginger
1 garlic clove
1/4 piece scallion
1 teaspoon chili bean paste (doubanjiang)
1 tablespoon tomato ketchup
1 teaspoon sake
1 teaspoon vinegar
1 tablespoon water
1/4 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon sugar
1 teaspoon cornstarch
3 -4 leaves green lettuce
5 g mixed sprouts

Directions:
Place the prawns in a bowl then add about half a teaspoon of salt, a tablespoon of cornstarch and a tablespoon of water. Mix well with your hands to clean the prawns then rinse it with cold running water. Dry the prawns using paper towels.
Finely mince the ginger and garlic. For the scallion, make several cuts along its length then chop it finely.
In a bowl, combine the sauce ingredients: a teaspoon of doubanjiang, a tablespoon of tomato ketchup, a teaspoon of sake, a teaspoon of vinegar, a tablespoon water, quarter teaspoon salt, a teaspoon of sugar and a teaspoon of cornstarch then mix until all the ingredients are well combined.
Add the minced ginger, garlic and scallions to the sauce then mix well.
In a microwave-safe bowl, put the prawns then evenly pour the sauce mixture on top.
Cover or wrap with a microwave-safe cling wrap then cook in the microwave for 3 minutes using 600W.
Remove the dish from microwave then mix. Tear some green lettuce into serving pieces then place on a serving plate. Pour over the ebi chili on top of the green lettuce then serve with some sprouts on top.

Submitter: 
Pearl Ishizaki
Description: 
Ebi Chili is one of those Japanese dishes which has Chinese influence. It is a shrimp or prawn dish with a sweet and spicy sauce. It’s an easy recipe and a favorite bento ingredient for many kids. For this dish I’ve used fresh prawns which needed to be cleaned well before cooking. You can also use frozen shrimps or prawns, just make sure to defrost it before using. In this recipe, the cooking time is only 3 minutes which makes it a perfect go to recipe in case of kitchen emergencies.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
NA
