URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64647091/steak-marsala-with-penne-pasta/
Title:
Steak Marsala with Penne Pasta Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/4530317.jpg
Ingredients:
2 tablespoons olive oil
1 small onion, finely sliced
2 garlic cloves, minced
1 tablespoon fresh thyme, minced
4 (4 oz) tenderloin steaks
12 cherry tomatoes, sliced in half
1/2 cup Marsala wine
1/4 cup low sodium beef broth
2 tablespoons dijon mustard
2 cups half & half
1 teaspoon sea salt
3/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper
2 tablespoons basil, chopped
1 box penne pasta
Fresh parmesan cheese for serving

Directions:
In a large sauté pan over medium heat add olive oil and the onions. Cook for about 5 minutes, stirring occasionally until they are golden brown. Add in cherry tomatoes, garlic, thyme and tenderloin and sear for about 3 minutes on each side. Remove from pan and tent.
Keeping the heat on medium stir in the marsala wine, deglazing the pan. Add the beef broth and the dijon mustard and whisk until it is all incorporated.
Whisk in half and half then season with salt and pepper and lower the temperature. Cook for about 5 minutes, or until the sauce starts to thicken. Add steak back into the pan and coat with the liquid for 1 minute. Remove from heat, add the basil and cover until ready to serve.
In a large pot of boiling water cook the penne pasta (add 2 tablespoons of salt) for about 11 minutes or follow package directions. Drain (except for 1 cup for reserve) and fold into the sauce. **If too thick then add in some of the pasta liquid.
Serve it immediately with parmesan cheese.
Directions for Grilling Tenderloin on the EGG
Heat your EGG to 650 degrees. Once heated add the tenderloins to the center of the EGG. Grill for 3 minutes one side (time it for 3 minutes – DO NOT touch the meat) then flip and shut off the EGG and let the tenderloin grill for 3 minutes (or more if you want your steak well done).
Take tenderloins and place in the Marsala mixture and coat with liquid. When pasta is ready, follow instructions above.

Submitter: 
Cindy Anschutz Barbieri
Description: 
Check out how you can cook this on the EGG below! This is a great recipe for entertaining. You can even make this entire meal outside… Enjoy..
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
