URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64647099/zucchini-fettuccine-with-cauliflower-alfredo-and-peas/
Title:
Zucchini Fettuccine  with Cauliflower Alfredo and Peas Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
I head cauliflower, cut into florets
2 cloves garlic, minced
1/2 cup almond milk (non flavored)
2 tablespoons flax-seed
1/4 cup Parmesan cheese, freshly grated
1 lemon, juiced
3/4 teaspoon kosher salt
1/2 teaspoon white pepper
1/2 teaspoon fresh turmeric, grated
1 teaspoon dried parsley
1 dried dried basil
1/2-3/4 teaspoon Sriracha
-------------------------------------
4-6 medium zucchinis, spiraled into noodles
4 cups fresh baby spinach
1 cup petitie frozen peas, thawed
Parmesan cheese and fresh herbs for garnish

Directions:
Add cauliflower florets in a large pot and cover with water. Bring to a low boil. Once boiling begins, cook for about 6 minutes until tender. Drain and place in food processor. (let hang out there)
Meanwhile, add the oil into a large sauté pan over medium-low heat.  Add in oil and once melted and hot add in garlic and let cook for about 1 minute.  Remove garlic by using a slotted spoon and add to food processor.  Place pan to to the side.
Add in almond milk, flax-seed, lemon juice, salt, pepper, turmeric, parsley, basil and Sriracha in your blender.. Blend until a smooth!
Using the same pan from you cooked the garlic heat over a medium temperature add adding in a little more oil.  Add zucchini noodles into the hot pan and cook for 3-5 minutes tossing using tongs. Season with a little salt and pepper.  Add in spinach and toss around to wilt then add in peas to warm through.
Add noodles and vegetables to a large bowl then pour in alfredo mixture.  Toss to combine.
Garnish with Parmesan cheese and fresh herbs.

Submitter: 
Cindy Anschutz Barbieri
Description: 
If you know me then you should expect peas in my pasta dishes.  I created this dish using many of my favorite combination of vegetables!  This dish is super delicious.  I bet adding chicken or shrimp to this dish would be very good.

Due to my new love for turmeric; I decided to add some into this dish. Yum.

If you are following a vegan diet then omit the bacon and just sauté the zucchini in oil.  Enjoy
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
