URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64648915/rhubarb-custard-cups/
Title:
rhubarb custard cups Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
4 sheets phyllo dough
1/4 cup unsalted butter, melted
2 tbsp granulated sugar
BERRY-RHUBARB SAUCE
1 cup frozen raspberries, or 300-g pkg frozen rhubarb
2 1/2 cups sliced fresh or frozen rhubarb
1/2 cup granulated sugar
2 tbsp cornstarch
CUSTARD
2 tbsp granulated sugar
2 tbsp custard powder
orange zest, from half an orange
250 mL 10% cream
1/2 tsp vanilla

Directions:
reheat oven to 350F. Lightly coat or spray a 12-cup muffin tin with oil. Place 1 phyllo sheet on a large cutting board. Lightly brush with butter, then sprinkle with 1 1/2 tsp sugar. Cover with another phyllo sheet. Line up all edges. Repeat brushing, sprinkling and layering with 2 more phyllo sheets, ending with sugar sprinkled overtop. Cut phyllo stack into 12 equal squares. Carefully place 1 square stack in muffin cup, pressing around bottom with your fingers to form a cup. Leave sides of phyllo upright. Do not fold over. Repeat with remaining phyllo square stacks. Prick bottoms of cups with a fork. Bake in centre of preheated oven until crispy and golden, 7 to 9 minutes. Remove to a cooling rack.
In a small saucepan, stir 2 tbsp sugar with custard powder until evenly mixed. Stir in orange peel. Gradually stir in about 1/4 cup cream until no lumps remain. Then gradually stir in remaining cream and vanilla. Place over medium heat. Stir with a wooden spoon until gently boiling and thickened, 5 minutes. Pour into a medium-size bowl. Press plastic wrap onto surface. Refrigerate until cold, at least 1 hour or overnight.
For sauce, place frozen berries in a large saucepan. Add rhubarb. Mix 1/2 cup sugar with cornstarch and stir in. Place over medium heat. You don’t have to add any water as the fruit waters out as it cooks. If fruit is in a frozen block, it will take longer to cook. You will have to break it up with a spoon. Stir often until a thick sauce forms, 10 to 15 minutes. Stir constantly for the last few minutes of cooking. Reduce heat if sauce starts to stick. Spoon about 2 tsp custard into each phyllo cup. Top with rhubarb mixture.

Submitter: 
George. P. Cooper
Description: 
yum, yum
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
60
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
