URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64649130/super-pork-sandwich/
Title:
Super Pork Sandwich Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/4534931.jpg
Ingredients:
For the Sandwich
4 boneless pork chops
1-2 eggs depending on size
1 cup of pork rinds (I use BBQ flavored)
1 pound thick cut bacon
1 onion sliced very thin
1/4 cup of AP flour
1 Granny Smith apple cut into match sticks
4 slices of a garden tomato
splash of apple cider vinegar
onion buns
For the Sriracha Mayo
3 Tbs mayo
1 Tbs Sriracha
drizzle of honey

Directions:
First dry off the pork chops very well.  The moisture will keep the dredge from sticking.
Coat the chops in flour a dust off, then dip in beaten egg
Process the pork rinds until they are like breadcrumbs and coat each pork chop, making sure to press the rinds into the pork.
Let the pork chops sit with the dredge for 10 minutes.  Meanwhile, preheat a deep fryer or dutch oven filled half with oil to 350
Fry the pork chops for about 4-5 minutes or until golden brown or until internal temp is 145
Then slice the onions very thin and coat them in flour and fry until crispy.  About 2 minutes. Then drain on kitchen paper or a rack
Cook the bacon in skillet until crispy or I like to use the oven too. 400 degrees about 15-20 minutes depending on the thickness.
Next cut Granny Smith Apples into matchsticks and toss with a splash of apple cider vinegar to make a simple slaw and also slice 4 thin slices of tomato.
Finally, to make the Sriracha mayo.  Take 3 tablespoons of mayo to 1 tablespoon of Sriracha.  Drizzle with Honey and mix well.  To make it spicier just add more Sriracha.  The ratio is 3 to 1 if you would like to make more than this.
To assemble, toast the buns until golden.  I don't use any butter, but this is optional.  Place a smear of the mayo on the bottom of the bun and one on the top as well.  My favorite order is pork chop, tomato to separate the meat layers, then crispy bacon, the apple slaw, crispy onions and cap it.  Goes well with coleslaw or potato salad.  Enjoy!

Submitter: 
Drew Payne
Description: 
This sandwich in all it's porky glory is encrusted with pork rinds.  Let's get that skin back on that pig!  Plus stacked with crispy bacon and slathered in Sriracha Honey mayo.  This is a sandwich that will improve your friendships.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
35 - 40 ms
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
