URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64646948/italian-paleo-chop-suey/
Title:
Italian Paleo Chop Suey Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/4530052.jpg
Ingredients:
1 large spaghetti squash
2 tablespoons olive oil, divided
1 pound ground turkey
8 ounces white mushrooms, sliced
1 yellow onion, chopped
1 red pepper, chopped
3 cloves garlic, minced
1 1/4 teaspoons sea salt
3/4 teaspoon freshly ground pepper
2 teaspoons dried parsley
1 1/2 teaspoon dried oregano
1 teaspoon dried basil
1/2 teaspoon red pepper flakes
1 (28 ounce) can san marzano tomatoes
1/4 cup water
2 tablespoon tomato paste
1 1/2 cup baby spinach

Directions:
Take your spaghetti squash and poke about 7 holes (I used a metal skewer). Place in your microwave and set for 7 minutes.
Slice in half and remove first layer of seeds then using a fork remove strands and add to slow cooker. (It will be undercooked but it will be perfect when done from the slow cooker)Heat your slow cooker to high.
In a large sauté pan over medium heat add in 1 tablespoon oil the ground turkey. Sauté for about 8 minutes breaking apart while cooking using a wooden spoon. Remove from heat and add to slow cooker.
After you chop up your mushrooms, onions and peppers add to the same sauté pan along with the last tablespoon of olive oil. Sauté for 5 minutes then add to slow cooker.
Add salt, pepper, parsley, oregano, basil and red pepper flakes to the slow cooker then tomatoes, water, tomato paste and spinach. Stir around, cover and let the slow cooker get very hot.
Keep on high if you want to serve this meal in 3-4 hours or to medium/low if you will be leaving for the day 7-8 hours.

Submitter: 
Cindy Anschutz Barbieri
Description: 
I grew up eating American Chop Suey but I am not sure why we called it that when we made our Italian sauce with lots of garlic and herbs. So, I am calling this my Italian Paleo Chop Suey and I made it in the slow cooker!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
