URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64646458/calabrian-sausage-fava-beans-and-pasta/
Title:
Calabrian sausage, Fava beans, and Pasta Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/4528715.jpg
Ingredients:
4 tablespoons olive oil
2 links of spicy sausage, cut into chunks
2 links of sweet sausage, cut into chunks
1 yellow onion, sliced
4 garlic cloves, chopped
Pile of favas
1 teaspoon sea salt and more for pasta water
3/4 teaspoon freshly ground pepper
1 28 ounce can san marzano tomatoes
1 teaspoon dried basil
1 teaspoon dried parsley
1 teaspoon dried oregano
Favorite Pasta
Fresh herbs for garnish

Directions:
Heat a large Sauté pan over medium heat. Once pan is hot add oil then sausage. Let cook for about 10 minutes until the sausage is brown on all sides.
Add garlic and beans, cover and cook until beans are tender but not overcooked, about 7 minutes, testing often.
Add in can of tomatoes then basil, parsley, and oregano. Bring to a boil; taste for any additional seasonings. Lower to simmer.
Bring a large pot of water to a boil. Add in 2 tablespoons salt then pasta. Follow directions but subtract 2 minutes. The pasta will finish cooking in the sauce mixture.
Drain pasta but reserve 1 cup of water. Add pasta to the sauce and combine well. If too thick then add in pasta water.
Taste for any additional seasonings. Keep on low and covered until ready to serve.

Submitter: 
Cindy Anschutz Barbieri
Description: 
As an Italian, there is nothing better than a pasta dish full of flavor! Try my Calabrian Sausage, fava beans, and pasta dish! It will be a proud pleasure and even better the next day for lunch!

I am fortunate to have the best Italian market in our area with the freshest meats and Italian food. If you are in Hartford check out my friends at D&D; Market.

This is a great stove to table dinner! I love using my Le Creuset Braising Pan for this recipe! Then, of course, adding fresh Parmesan cheese with my Kitchen IQ grater!

I used dried herbs in this recipe because I always have them on han
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
