URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64647105/zucchini-pad-thai/
Title:
Zucchini Pad Thai Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/4530337.jpg
Ingredients:
1 large zucchini
1 carrot, shredded or grated
2 scallions, cut into thirds
2 tablespoons olive oil or coconut oil
2 cloves garlic, minced
1 tablespoon ginger, minced
3/4 cup almond butter
1 tablespoon fish sauce
1 tablespoon chili sauce
1 tablespoon lime juice
2 large eggs (or 3 egg whites)
Sliced lime and extra scallions

Directions:
Using your  Panderno spiral vegetable slicer, to create zucchini noodles. If you do not have one then use a mandoline or vegetable peeler to create thin slices of zucchini. Place pile on a couple of paper towels and fold over to remove any water.
Take another attachment from you Panderno to shred a carrot or use a box grater. Add in scallions.
Over medium heat in a large saute pan add oil then saute garlic and ginger for 30 seconds. Then add zucchini noodles and carrot. Saute for 5 minutes.
In a small bowl whisk almond butter, fish sauce, chili sauce and lime juice. Combine into the zucchini noodles and sauteed for another 3-4 minutes.
In a small bowl whisk the eggs together. Make a whole in the middle of the pan and add about 1 teaspoon of olive oil or coconut oil. Let it get hot then add in eggs. After 1 minute take your wooden spoon and mix eggs around the ingredients.
If adding in sauteed chicken or shrimp add it in now to combine.Serve hot. Top with crushed almonds and sliced limes.

Submitter: 
Cindy Anschutz Barbieri
Description: 
When home alone I still make dinner but just for 1.. Normally I try out new recipes or ingredients that I just love that hubby may not be very interested in trying. Tonight when I returned home from a weekend with my kids in Maine there was a limited amount of choices but I found a zucchini, carrots and everything else I need for a Pad Thai but I decided to use Zucchini for this delicious Paleo Recipe.

I did find 2 chicken cutlets and sauteed them first in a little olive oil and butter after seasoning them with salt and pepper for 3 minutes on each side. Set them aside and used the same pan
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
NA
