URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64646478/homemade-ravioli-with-pecorino-and-truffle/
Title:
Homemade Ravioli with Pecorino and Truffle Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/4528753.jpg
Ingredients:
1 1/2 cup semolina
1 1/2 cup AP flour
1/2 teaspoon kosher salt
4 large eggs, room temperature
2 tablespoons water (if needed - noted below)
1 egg
1 tablespoon water
12 ounces ricotta cheese
3 tablespoons Pecorino grated cheese
1 teaspoon dried parsley
1 teaspoon dried thyme
2 tablespoons butter
1 shallot, thinly sliced (about 3 tablespoons)
12 ounce slice mushrooms
2 tablespoons flour
1/2 teaspoon kosher salt
1/2 teaspoon freshly ground pepper
1/4 cup marsala
1/4 cup chicken broth

Directions:
In your stand mixer add semolina flour, AP flour and salt.  Put on low speed using your pastry attachment to combine the dry ingredients.  Slowly add in each egg on 3 for speed.  Add water 1 tablespoon at a time if the dough seems very dry.
Remove dough from bowl and place on a clean work surface or board covered with a light layer of flour.  Knead dough for about 2-3 minutes then form into a disk. Cover in clear wrap and let sit for 30 minutes.
Meanwhile combine ricotta cheese, pecorino, parsley and thyme in a bowl.  In another small bowl whisk egg and water together and have your pastry brush handy.
Remove disk from the clear wrap and cut into 4 quarters.  Flour your work surface and take each quarter and roll out to a long thin rectangle.  Brush egg along the bottom and sides of the dough.  Drop in a tablespoon of ricotta along the rectangle leaving space in between.  Fold over and lightly press down.  Using the sides of your hand press down in between each mound to create each individual ravioli.  Use your pastry roller and go down the front, sides and between each mound to create your ravioli.
Put the raviolis on a parchment paper lined and flour baking sheet.  This is a great way to store them in the refrigerator until ready to boil.
Continue with the other 3 quarters.
In a large sauté pan add butter and shallot.  Let cook for about 2-3 minutes. Season with salt and pepper.  Add in mushroom and continue cooking for another 5-7 minutes.  Add flour and stir around.  Pour in marsala and chicken broth and simmer for about 7 minutes.  Reduce to low when it starts to thicken.
Bring a large pot of water to a boil and add in about 1 tablespoon of salt.  Gently add in ravioli's one at a time and let cook for 3-4 minutes or until they float to the top of the pan.  Do this in batches!
Remove raviolis by using a slotted spoon and place in the mushroom sauce pan. Keep warm until ready to serve.
I also sauté baby spinach with a lot of garlic to serve with this dish.
Use a grater for the truffle and top each dish then sprinkle pecorino cheese

Submitter: 
Cindy Anschutz Barbieri
Description: 
In Germany, we spent most of one day at a Farmer's Market.  It was also Oktoberfest so it was very busy and extremely amazing!  We defiantly ate our way through the market and even stopped for a few beers.  I brought home some truffle and knew it would go great with homemade ravioli.  

I like to combine semolina and AP flour for a delicate ravioli.  You can use all AP or even better us OO.

My ravioli are very easy to make and so much better than any store bought! The best part is the bragging rights!  Enjoy...
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 hr
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
