URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64647085/spaghetti-squash-pastitsio/
Title:
Spaghetti Squash Pastitsio Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/4530307.jpg
Ingredients:
Olive oil
1 spaghetti squash
1 yellow onion, diced
1 pound ground beef
3 cloves garlic, minced
2 teaspoons oregano
1 teaspoon thyme
1 teaspoon cinnamon
1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper
2 teaspoons sea salt
1 teaspoon freshly ground pepper
1 (28 ounce) can crushed tomatoes
1/2 cup red wine (dry)
----------------------------
1 1/2 cup milk (almond natural)
1 1/4 cups coconut cream
4 tablespoons unsalted butter or ghee
1/4 cup tapioca flour
1/2 teaspoon nutmeg
1 teaspoon sea salt
1/2 teaspoon freshly ground pepper
3 large eggs
1/2 cup coconut cream or greek yogurt
2 tablespoons olive oil

Directions:
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.  Poke about 10 holes in the spaghetti squash and place on a baking sheet.  Bake for 1 hour.  Let cool then slice in half, remove top seeds then use a fork and press into the squash to create the spaghetti strands.  Place in a bowl and set aside.
In a large pot heat about 2 tablespoons of olive oil over medium-high heat.  Add in onions and cook for about 5 minutes.  Add in beef and lamb breaking apart while cooking with a wooden spoon for about 7-8 minutes or until cooked.  Drain any liquid/fat.
Keeping the heat over medium-high add it garlic and let cook for 1 minute.  Add in oregano, thyme, cinnamon, thyme, cayenne, salt, and pepper.  Stir to combine.
Add in crushed tomatoes with their juice and wine.  Bring to a simmer, cover and lower to a medium-low for about 30 minutes.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.
For the cream sauce heat the almond milk and coconut cream together over medium-low heat in a medium saucepan.  Stir together and let the liquids begin to simmer.  Pour into a large glass measuring cup or bowl.  In the same pan add butter over medium heat until melted then add in tapioca flour.  Whisk together for about 1-2 minutes then pour in warm milk liquid and continue whisking until combined and smooth.  Cook for about 5 minutes.
Add nutmeg, salt, and pepper and whisk together.  Pour in about 1 cup of the tomato and meat sauce and stir together then remove from heat.
In a small bowl beat eggs and whisk in coconut cream or greek yogurt.  Set aside.
To assemble:  Drizzle olive oil in your baking dish (8x13) then top with spaghetti squash strands. Then add the remaining tomato and meat sauce over the spaghetti squash and use a fork to combine together.  Evenly pour the cream sauce over the tomato and meat sauce and use the back of your spoon to create a nice layer.  Top with egg and cream/yogurt.
Bake for 1 hour or until bubbly and golden brown.  Let set for 10-12 minutes then slice and enjoy!
Cindy's Note:  Since I am Italian and this is an amazing dish I did add some parmesan cheese to my cream sauce.  You can omit this step or add in about 1/4 cup of grated parmesan cheese.  Up to you.....

Submitter: 
Cindy Anschutz Barbieri
Description: 
Pastitsio is a Greek dish made with beef and lamb then layered with a pasta then topped with a creamy white sauce and baked to perfection.  I decided to use spaghetti squash and zucchini noodles for my pasta and cream coconut for the topping.  

Go ahead and enjoy my Paleo Pastitsio recipe!  It's been tested by Cindy's Table and enjoy by family and friends.  This is a perfect Everyday to Gourmet dish.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
45 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
