URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64642744/salad-crunchies-seed-medley/
Title:
Salad Crunchies Seed Medley Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/4518364.jpg
Ingredients:
1 cup pepitas (raw, hulled pumpkin seeds)1 cup raw sunflower seeds (hulled)1/2 cup flaxseeds 1/2 cup egusi (African watermelon seeds)1/4 cup chia seeds1/4 cup tricolored quinoa (rinsed and dried)1/4 cup white sesame seeds (hulled)1/8 cup black sesame seeds1/8 cup amaranth seeds2 Tbsp olive oil1/2 tsp fine sea salt 1/2 tsp ground cayenne pepper 1/4 tsp multicolored peppercorns (freshly ground)

Directions:
Preheat oven to 180C. Line a large baking sheet with parchment paper. This will help later when putting them in a container. In a large mixing bowl add all the seeds. Using a rubber scraper, mix the seeds to combine them. Drizzle one tablespoon of olive oil over the seeds while stirring. Mix well. Drizzle the second tablespoon of olive oil over the seeds and continue mixing. Sprinkle the salt, cayenne, and ground peppercorns over the seeds and continue stirring until the seeds, oil, and seasonings are well mixed. Pour the mixture onto the prepared baking sheet in a single layer. Bake in the oven for 10 minutes. Take out the baking pan and stir well. Bake again for another five minutes. Stir again. At this time check the egusi as these will be the first seeds to show signs of roasting.  They should be turning brown. Bake another five minutes, checking on them (without opening the door) at three minutes. When the egusi are brown and the pumpkin seeds are beginning to brown (they will have a glossy shine and should begin to puff up), turn off the heat and open the oven door. Leave the seeds inside with the door open for 10 minutes. After 10 minutes, take out the baking sheet and let the seeds cool on the sheet stirring them occasionally. Once completely cooled, store in an airtight container for up to three weeks.Notes: I rinse my quinoa the night before and set them on paper towels to dry overnight. Any vegetable oil will work, coconut oil is especially good. Use any combination of seasonings. I've used Sriracha salt and even curry. The seasoning combinations are endless.

Submitter: 
Buckwheat Queen
Description: 
Give your soups, salads, yogurt, and avocado toast a crunchy, nutritional boost with this easy medley of roasted seeds. They're great to just snack on as well! Make sure all the seeds are raw, otherwise they'll burn during the cooking process.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
40 m
Number of servings: 
20
Nutritional Facts:
NA
