URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64648372/alexanders-perfect-homemade-magnum-ice-cream/
Title:
Alexander's Perfect Homemade Magnum Ice Cream Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
For the ice cream:
2 ripe bananas, frozen
1 400mL can full-fat coconut milk, chilled if possible
1/4 cup maple syrup
t teaspoon vanilla bean paste
For the chocolate:
½ cup coconut oil
¼ cup cacao butter
½ cup cacao
3 tablespoons map0le syrup

Directions:
Method:
1. For the ice cream: Pop the ice cream ingredients into a blender and blend until smooth. Pour into ice cream molds, add your sticks and pop into the freezer to set overnight.
2. For the chocolate: Put all the ingredients into a pan and heat on a very low heat until you create a smooth consistency. Be careful not to burn/overcook.
3. When you get the ice creams out, allow defrosting for a few minutes so they come out of the molds easily. Alternatively, run the molds under hot water to loosen the edges.
4. To make the magnum…
Classic:
Dip the ice cream into a bowl of chocolate. Use an icing knife to smooth out any edges but be quick because it should set almost immediately. Repeat to create a nice thick layer of chocolate. Pop back into the freezer for a few minutes to completely freeze. Enjoy!
Almond:
As per Magnum Classic, but add a handful of slithered almonds to sandwich between chocolate layers.
Peppermint:
As per Magnum Classic,  but add 1 tablespoon of mint extract (or to taste), a handful of fresh mint and a few drops of green food coloring/spirulina to the ice cream mixture.
Double chocolate:
As per Magnum Classic,  but add 3 tablespoons of cacao to the chocolate mixture and 1-2 tablespoons of cacao powder to the ice cream mixture.
Storage: in a freezer-safe container in the freezer for up to 5 days.

Submitter: 
Alexander Petrie
Description: 
This recipe makes 27 servings of irresistible extra sweet ice cream bars!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
5-8 m
Ready in:
3 h
Number of servings: 
27
Nutritional Facts:
NA
