URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64644973/dont-go-heatin-the-house-fresh-cherry-crumble---gluten-free/
Title:
Don't Go Heatin' the House Fresh Cherry Crumble - Gluten Free Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/4524943.jpg
Ingredients:
1/3 cup butter (75g)
3 cups pitted cherries (475 grams)
2 Tbsp cane sugar (15 grams)
2 tsp fresh squeezed lemon juice
1 cup all-purpose gluten free flour (150 g)
6 Tbsp cane sugar (85 g)
2 Tbsp cane sugar (15g)
1 tsp ground cinnamon
1 tsp ground nutmeg
1 tsp powdered vanilla

Directions:
Cut the butter into 1/4 inch cubes and put them into the freezer.
Mix the pitted cherries, 2 Tbsp sugar, and lemon juice in a bowl. Mix well. Pour the cherry mixture into the dish.
In another bowl, mix the flour and six tablespoons of sugar. Add the cold butter cubes and cut them into the flour mixture with your fingers leaving the cubes about the size of peas or pebbles.
Sprinkle the mixture over the cherries, pressing down slightly.
Mix together the remaining sugar, cinnamon, nutmeg, and powdered vanilla. Sprinkle over the flour mixture. Do not press down on this.
Bake in the airfryer at 160°C for 25 minutes. Check the crumble. The juices should be abundant on top, however, you will be able to see if the topping has started to brown. If it has not browned, continue cooking at 5-minute intervals until slightly browned.
Close the drawer and turn off the airfryer. Allow to rest inside the hot airfryer 10 minutes.
Remove and allow to cool slightly before serving.

Submitter: 
Buckwheat Queen
Description: 
Fresh cherries under a crumbly topping baked in an airfryer allow you to have a lovely baked treat during summer without heating up the kitchen with your regular oven. Serve with vanilla ice cream or fresh whipped cream. You will need an airfryer baking attachment or a non-stick baking dish that will fit into the fryer basket.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
75 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
