URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64642782/sweet-potato-pinto-bean-breakfast-taco/
Title:
Sweet Potato Pinto Bean Breakfast Taco Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/4518431.jpg
Ingredients:
5 large cloves garlic, peeled and minced2 tablespoons and  teaspoon olive oil, divided1 large sweet potato, cut into a small dice teaspoon chili powder teaspoon chili lime powder (Trader Joes) teaspoon smoky paprika teaspoon garlic powder teaspoon onion powder teaspoon fine sea salt1 (15 oz) can pinto beans, drained1 tablespoon water fresh lime, juiced1 teaspoon adobo sauce from a can of chipotle peppers teaspoon garlic powder teaspoon onion powder teaspoon fine sea salt teaspoon pepper4 large Eggs2 teaspoons olive oil4-8 corn or flour tortillas (I used super thin small corn tortillas)1 cup fresh baby spinach2 avocados, sliced2 green onions, chopped cup fresh cilantro, chopped3 radishes, thinly slicedHot Sauce or Salsa

Directions:
Preheat oven to 425F. Line a baking sheet pan with parchment paper. Combine the minced garlic,  teaspoon olive oil, and a pinch of salt and pepper together and place in a small piece of foil. Fold it up so its loosely covered. Set it on the sheet pan in the corner.Place the sweet potato pieces and 2 tablespoons olive oil on the baking sheet and toss together. Sprinkle on the chili powder, chili lime powder, paprika, garlic powder, onion powder and salt and toss thoroughly. Spread out and roast for 20-25 minutes or until the sweet potatoes are tender. Place the sweet potatoes and roasted garlic in a bowl and toss together. Cover and set aside to keep warm.While the sweet potatoes are cooking, place the pinto beans, water, lime juice, adobo sauce, garlic powder, onion powder, salt and pepper in a small saucepan and heat over medium low heat until heated through, stirring occasionally. When heated through, mash the bean mixture together, cover and set aside to keep warm.In a large non-stick skillet over medium low heat, add the 2 teaspoons olive oil and heat up. Crack the eggs into the pan, separating them so they dont all bunch together in the middle. Immediately put on the lid and set a timer for 4 minutes. This will produce somewhat firm yolks with cooked whites (sunny side up eggs). Remove from the heat after 4 minutes.To assemble the tacos, warm the tortillas while the eggs are cooking by either placing them directly on a gas flame over the stove for a few seconds on both sides or according to package directions (I placed mine in the oven for 5 minutes at 350F). Place 1 (or 2 together if thin like mine) tortilla on a plate, then layer on a small handful of spinach, spread a spoonful of pinto beans, a small amount of the sweet potato cubes, a few slices of avocado and then place the egg on top. Sprinkle with green onions, cilantro, radishes and a spoonful of salsa. Enjoy!

Submitter: 
Culinary Envy
Description: 
Start your day off right with this fantastic Sweet Potato Pinto Bean Breakfast Taco. Say goodbye to bland, tasteless vegetarian dishes.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 mins
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
