URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64646447/loaded-sweet-potato-lasagna/
Title:
Loaded Sweet Potato Lasagna Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/4528695.jpg
Ingredients:
Olive oil and/or coconut oil
1 pound ground beef or turkey
2 cloves garlic, minced
2 cups marinara, all natural
1 thin eggplant, sliced
2-3 teaspoons Italian Seasonings
2 thin zucchini. sliced
2 cubanelle peppers, chopped
2 cups mushrooms, any kind sliced
2-3 thin sweet potatoes, thinly sliced (depending on how long they are)
Kosher salt
Freshly ground pepper

Directions:
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.
In a large sauté pan over medium heat add in about 1 tablespoon of oil.  Once hot add in meat and let cook until brown; about 5 minutes.  While cooking, break apart into small pieces using a wooden spoon.  Use a slotted spoon and move meat to a bowl.  Set aside.
Wipe the pan down with a clean paper towel.  Add another tablespoon of oil and let it get hot.  Add in garlic and cook for 30 seconds.  Using the slotted spoon add to the meat, season with 1/2 teaspoon of salt and pepper then your Italian seasonings.   Then pour in the 1 1/2 cup marinara sauce.  Stir together.
In the same pan over medium heat start cooking the eggplant in batches.  Sprinkle a little salt on each one.  Cook for 2 minutes per side.  Set on a plate.  Do the same with the zucchini.
Add a little more oil to the pan then cook the mushroom until soft; about 5 minutes then place in a separate bowl.  Now cook up the cubanelle peppers.  You should have a little assembly line set up.  Place the sliced sweet potatoes on a plate or a work board.
Take a 9x13 baking dish and brush with olive oil or coconut oil (melted).  Evenly lay sweet potatoes to cover the bottom of the dish.  Next add the eggplant, then meat, zucchini, cubanelle and mushrooms.  Add the remaining 1/2 cup of marinara sauce then top with sweet potatoes slices.  Drizzle a little olive oil then season with salt, pepper and a little more Italian Seasonings.  Cover and bake for 45 minutes.  Remove cover and bake for an additional 15 minutes.  Let rest for a few minutes then slice and enjoy.
A note from Cindy! Because I love my spring foam pan and it makes my lasagna's beautiful that is why my sweet potatoes are round.  You can also slice then the long way to have a more traditional lasagna looking noodle.
Either use a sharp chef's knife (carefully) or a mandolin to slice your sweet potato.

Submitter: 
Cindy Anschutz Barbieri
Description: 
Every morning I love watching the Today Show while drinking my coffee.  I normally watch the cooking segment (and critique them) and on this morning I was curious who Kevin Curry was from Fit Men Cook so I grab my cup of coffee and sat to watch his segment. 

I am Italian and Love the gym while currently I am doing a weight loss challenge at my gym called HEWFIT and this recipe inspired me to create this dish!

I don't miss the cheese at all!

Enjoy my Paleo version.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
