URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64646959/oven-baked-italian-fennel-sausage-and-tomato-risotto/
Title:
Oven-Baked Italian Fennel Sausage and Tomato Risotto Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/4530086.jpg
Ingredients:
2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil
1 pound of hot Italian fennel sausage (or you can do on half of sweet and hot)
1 medium onion, chopped
3 Garlic cloves, minced
2 celery stalks, chopped
2 carrots, chopped
1 cup of Arborio rice
4 tablespoons fresh chopped parsley
1 liter low sodium chicken stock
1/4 cup of dry red wine
1 package of cherry tomatoes cut in half
1/2 teaspoon sea salt
1/2 teaspoon freshly ground pepper
Cooking spray
Freshly grated or shaved parmesan cheese – for topping

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F
Prepare a 9×13 baking or casserole dish and coat with cooking spray
In a medium size sauté pan heat at medium/high and a coat with 1 tablespoon olive oil. Cook sausage for about 10 minutes – brown all sides. Take out of pan and put on a dish to let cool. Once cooled then cut into slices.
In the same pan add the remainder tablespoon of olive oil then add onion and 1/4 teaspoon of salt, and sauté for 5 minutes on medium/low heat. Then add garlic, celery, celery, rice and parsley. Cook for about 5-7 minutes. Make sure the pan doesn’t get to dry. Add more olive oil if needed.
In another large sauté pan or sauce pan add chicken stock, wine and tomatoes (this is where you would add 1/2 teaspoon of red pepper flakes if you want to add a little kick! Let warm for about 5 minutes.
Take the baking or casserole dish and add rice mixture then sausages and pour the liquid and stir together. Season with the rest of the salt and the 1/2 teaspoon of pepper. Cover with foil and bake for about 45 minutes – until liquid is absorbed.
To serve add a little fresh Parmesan cheese on the top of each serving!
NOTE: I used the Italian fennel sausage. Feel free to use your favorite sausage (pork, turkey, chicken or chorizo)

Submitter: 
Cindy Anschutz Barbieri
Description: 
I was in the kitchen making rice balls today and was thinking about another way to use the rest of the risotto. I just came back from the butcher and purchased hot Italian fennel sausage and put this dish together. Took it to a friend’s house and it was a big hit! The next time I make it I will add a little red pepper flakes to kick it up a bit. Other than that – It was amazing!! You need to try this Italian Sausage and Tomato Risotto!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
