URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64646962/paleo-italian-spaghetti-squash-pie/
Title:
Paleo Italian Spaghetti Squash Pie Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/4530094.jpg
Ingredients:
1 large spaghetti squash
Olive oil or Coconut oil
1 pound ground turkey
1 pound turkey sausage (hot or sweet)
1 large zucchini, chopped
1 medium yellow onion, chopped
3 cloves garlic, finely chopped
8 ounces mushrooms, chopped
1 28 ounce can petitie diced tomatoes (and their juices)
Kosher Salt
Freshly ground black pepper
1 1/2 teaspoon dried basil
1 teaspoon dried oregano
1 teaspoon dried parsley
1 teaspoon dried thyme
3 large eggs, whisked (room temperature)

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees.  Poke about 10-12 holes in your spaghetti squash with a long metal skewer then place on a baking sheet and bake for 35 minutes.  Remove from oven and cool.
In a large sauté pan over medium heat add in about 1 tablespoon of olive oil or coconut oil.  Once hot add in ground turkey.  Take the casings off the sausage and add them into the pan.  Break apart the meat with a wooden spoon and cook until the sausage is no longer pink.  This will take about 7-10 minutes.  Remove meat from pan and into a bowl and wipe down the pan with a paper towel.
In the same pan add in another tablespoon of oil over medium heat.  Add in the zucchini and cook for about 2 minutes.  Add in the onion, garlic and mushrooms and continue cooking for another 3-4 minutes.  Season with 1 teaspoon of sea salt and 1/2 teaspoon of freshly ground pepper.
Take the cooled ground turkey and sausage and place on a working board and cut up to very small pieces.  Add to the pan with the vegetables along with the diced tomatoes, basil, oregano, parsley and time.  Let cook for 2 minutes then taste for any additional salt or pepper.  Set aside.
Take a 9x10 baking dish and brush with about 1 tablespoon of olive oil or coconut oil.  Slice the cooled spaghetti squash in half the long way and take out the seeds with a spoon.  Using a fork remove the threads and add them into the prepared baking dish.
Pour the meat sauce mixture over the spaghetti squash and use a fork to combine together.  Pour whisked eggs over the top and twirl around to create an even layer over the entire pan.  Bake for 45 minutes, cool, slice and enjoy!

Submitter: 
Cindy Anschutz Barbieri
Description: 
I love my one pot meals especially when they are Paleo Italian dishes!  I am bringing in 2015 with my new Paleo Italian recipes and I hope you love them.  Thank you to Shop Rite in E. Hartford/Manchester, CT for the ingredients to make this delicious recipe.

I created this one because I love comfort Italian food and this has all of my favorite ingredients in one pie. I made this dish in a spring form pan which was great for entertaining - Made it a gourmet dish!  I also use my 9x10 baking dish.

My husband loves this recipes for lunch.

This is also a great Sunday clean out your refrige
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
