URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64646448/zucchini-noodles-with-chicken-and-tomatoes-in-a-lemon-garlic-sauce/
Title:
Zucchini Noodles with Chicken and Tomatoes in a Lemon Garlic Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/4528698.jpg
Ingredients:
2 large zucchini
Extra-virgin olive oil
12 grape or cherry tomatoes
2 cloves garlic, minced
1 teaspoon kosher salt
1/2 teaspoon freshly ground pepper
1 teaspoon Italian seasonings
4 cups baby spinach
1/2 cup frozen peas
1/2 breast of from a roasted chicken, chopped
1 lemon zest
2 lemons, juiced (about 2 tablespoons)
Fresh herbs to garnish

Directions:
Take your zucchini and rinse then cut off both ends.  Spiralize to create your noodles.  If they are super long then cut in half.  (A little easier when eating).  Set aside.
In a large sauté pan over medium heat add in about 1 tablespoon of extra-virgin olive oil.  Add in tomatoes and let them cook for about 6-7 minutes.  Until they are starting to brown.  Add in garlic and let cook for about 30 seconds.
Toss in the zucchini and season with salt, pepper and Italian seasonings.
Add in spinach, peas, and chicken.  Toss around using tongs.  Drizzle with a little more extra-virgin olive oil.  Add in lemon zest and juice.  Cover and let simmer for 5 minutes.
Top with fresh herbs and enjoy!

Submitter: 
Cindy Anschutz Barbieri
Description: 
am just loving my spiralizer attachment from KitchenAid and it's been super busy in my kitchen!  If you don't the KitchenAid attachment there are other ways to spiralize including using a vegetable peeler.

This recipe was inspired by left overs!  I love roasting 2 chickens at once and serving for dinner one night then cutting the rest up and using for several different meals.  I freeze what I won't use in the next 2 days.  I also keep a little packed away for Jake! Love my doggie...
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
5
Ready in:
20
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
NA
