URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64646899/toddler-tackle-box-bento/
Title:
Toddler Tackle Box Bento Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/4529966.jpg
Ingredients:
Mini fish metal cookie cutter
1/2 pound cod fillets  (defrosted and patted dry)
1 cup all purpose flour
2 large eggs, beaten
2 cups seasoned Panko bread crumbs
Baked fish crackers
2 slices of cheese (use a mini J cookie cutter to represent hooks)
1/2 Green bell pepper, cut into strips (grass blades) or cucumber slices for "lilly pads"
1 Pomegranate, skin and membrane removed  (represents salmon egg bait)
Gummy worms
1 bottle of your child's favorite blue colored drink or flavored water
1 fish themed toy such as the card game Go Fish (optional)
1 child size tackle box

Directions:
1. Preheat oven to 400 degrees.
2. Make as many fish cutouts from the cod as you can. Reserve the scraps for another use.
3. Put flour in a bowl. Put eggs in a separate bowl. Put Panko in a plastic gallon zipper bag.
4. Working in batches dredge the cod in flour, then egg, and then into the bag. Seal the bag and shake until evenly coated. Remove the fish nuggets from the Panko and place on a baking sheet.
5. At this point you have two options. You can bake them for immediate use or you can freeze them for later use. For immediate use bake in  the preheated oven for 15 minutes, flipping halfway through cook time.  If wanting these for a later use, simply stick the baking sheet in the freezer until fish is solid and then transfer them to a freezer safe container. You will need to add 5 minutes to the cook time once they've been frozen.
6.  Place the drink and toy in the bottom section of the tackle box and use the top tray for all of the other items. You can also put a gel ice pack in the bottom section to keep everything cold.

Submitter: 
Soup Loving Nicole
Description: 
Homemade fish nuggets pair with bait and tackle creating a well balanced lunch for that picky toddler who only ever wants fish sticks and chicken nuggets.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
