URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64644178/one-pot-thai-chicken-noodle-soup/
Title:
One Pot Thai Chicken Noodle Soup Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 tablespoons of Olive oil
1 pound of skinless chicken breasts, sliced through the equator to create thin fillets
1 Onion, chopped
2 medium carrots, sliced
2-4 tablespoons red curry paste
1 tablespoon freshly grated ginger
4 garlic cloves, minced
5 cups low sodium chicken broth
2 14 oz cans coconut milk
2 tablespoons low sodium sauce
2 tablespoons fish sauce
5-6 kaffir lime leaves
1 tablespoon dried basil
1.5 teaspoons salt
1/2 teaspoon pepper
8 oz cremona mushrooms, sliced
1 red bell pepper, diced
1 cup cauliflower, chopped bite size florets
3 oz rice vermicelli/thin rice noodles/sticks
1/4 cup chopped cilantro
2-3 tablespoons fresh lime juice
1.5 teaspoons sriracha sauce - or more to taste
Garnish
crushed peanuts
chopped cilantro
lime juice

Directions:
Heal 1 tbsp olive oil in a dutch oven/soup pot over medium-high heat.  Add chicken and brown on both sides, approximately 2 minutes, but do not cook through. Remove to a plate.
Add one tbsp olive oil to now empty pot and heat over medium-high heat. Add onions and carrots and sauce 3 minutes.
Add curry paste, ginger, garlic and saute for 2 minutes.
Add chicken back to the pot followed by chicken broth, coconut milk, soy sauce, fish sauce, kaffir lime leaves, brown sugar basil, salt and pepper.  Bring to a boil then reduce heat to medium-low and gently simmer for 15 minutes or until chicken is tender enough to easily shred.
Remove chicken and let rest until cool enough to shred or chop.  Meanwhile, add mushrooms, bell peppers, cauliflower and rice noodles to pot and simmer for 5 minutes or just until your noodles are short of al dente.You want them undercooked as they will continue to cook once removed from heat.  Stir in shredded chicken, cilantro, lime juice and sriracha.
Discard kaffir lime leaves. Taste and add additional sriracha for spicier or lime juice for tangier.
If you like a less "chunky" soup, stir in additional broth or coconut milk
Garnish individual servings with crushed peanuts, cilantro and lime juice as desired.

Submitter: 
mkinshella
Description: 
From Carlsbad cravings. One of the best soups I have come across with warm comforting aromatic coconut broth infused with red curry, ginger, garlic, lime and sriracha with pulled chicken, onions, carrots, bell peppers rice noodles, mushrooms and cauliflower
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30
Ready in:
65
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
