URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64640080/ramen-mac/
Title:
Ramen-Mac Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/4530536.jpg
Ingredients:
1 box Kraft Macaroni and Cheese
1 Pkg Maruchan® Instant Lunch™  Cheddar Cheese Flavor Ramen
Milk
Butter (2-3 tbsp)
Cheese, shredded (I use Colby Jack or mild to medium Cheddar cheese) 1 Cup, more to taste
Cheese-Its (optional)

Directions:
Remove the ramen noodles from the styrofoam cup into a bowl. Usually it will drop out of the cup if you hold it over the bowl upside down and hit it against the bottom of the bowl, otherwise you can cut/tear off the bottom and push it out that way. Set aside.
Cook the Macaroni noodles as directed on the box, until they are about halfway cooked. Add the Cheese Ramen to the pot. The cheese powder will turn the water orange, which is fine, the macaroni absorbs some of the flavor. Continue cooking the macaroni, stirring often until the Ramen separates and mixes with the macaroni noodles and they are fully cooked. Drain.
Add the noodles back into the pot and put it on low heat. Add the butter, cutting it into slightly smaller pieces to speed up melting time. Stir until they melt.
Add the milk, pouring enough in that it covers the bottom. Mix thoroughly.
Now add the cheese packet, shaking it over the pot, instead of just pouring it in a pile. Mix until the clumps are gone.
Now it's cheese time: Add the cheese gradually, sprinkling a little bit it over the noodles and mixing. Repeat until it is all in the pot. Your macaroni-ramen mixture should be cheesy enough to see strings. If not, add more until then.
Turn off the heat and serve while hot. Servings depend of size of portion.
Note: The heat melts the cheese as you add it, which is why you add it gradually. Continue stirring while the heat is on, to prevent the noodles from burning, and add enough milk that it doesn't all evaporate from the heat.
Optional: sprinkle crushed or broken up Cheese-Its over the top of the served dish for a delightful crunchy garnish

Submitter: 
StarGazer20
Description: 
Done and delicious!!!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
5 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
