URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64647761/big-rays-butternut-squash-and-cranberry-quinoa-salad/
Title:
Big Ray's  Butternut Squash and Cranberry Quinoa Salad Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/4531824.jpg
Ingredients:
3 cups butternut squash, chopped
1 Tbsp olive oil
1 cup uncooked quinoa
1 1/2 cups water
1/3 cup dried cranberries
1/3 cup red onion, finely chopped
3 Tbsp. toasted pumpkin seeds
salt and black pepper, to taste
1/2 cup olive oil
1/4 cup balsamic vinegar
1 tsp honey
1 tsp Dijon mustard
1 garlic clove, minced
salt and black pepper, to taste

Directions:
Whisk vinegar, olive oil, honey, mustard and garlic for dressing in a small bowl until combined. Season with salt and pepper, to taste
Preheat the oven to 400 F.
In a large bowl, toss the butternut squash with olive oil. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Arrange coated squash on a baking sheet in a single layer. Roast for 20-25 minutes or until squash is tender and lightly browned.
While the squash is roasting, rinse quinoa under cold water until water runs clear. Place quinoa and water in a medium saucepan. Bring to a boil, reduce to a simmer, and cook partially covered until liquid is absorbed, about 20 minutes.
To assemble the salad, combine the cooked quinoa, roasted squash, cranberries, red onion, toasted pumpkin seeds in a large bowl. Add the vinaigrette and mix until combined. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Chill in the refrigerator for couple hours and serve.
Whisk all the ingredients in a small bowl until combined. Season with salt and pepper, to taste

Submitter: 
bfr610
Description: 
Quinoa is very bland when cooked and eaten as is but when you pack it with flavorful ingredients, it makes a delicious meal. Plus those little pearl-shaped grains are super fluffy and not too overbearing when added to any dish. You can incorporate a lot of quinoa into your favorite dishes, like adding it to a green salad for added boost or using it instead of pasta in your favorite bakes.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
