URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64649222/mexican-hamburger-rice/
Title:
Mexican Hamburger Rice Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 bag of Vigo Mexican Rice
2 pounds ground beef (93/7)
1 white onion, chopped
2 cloves of garlic, minced
1/4 cup Worcestershire sauce
Salt and pepper to taste
1 10oz can Rotel diced tomatoes and green chilies, with juice
1 1oz packet (Taco Bell) taco seasoning mix
1 15oz can of sweet corn, drained

Directions:
Cook the Vigo rice according to the package instructions.
While the rice is cooking, fry the ground beef. Place beef in a large pan on medium heat and cook, trying not to make too fine a crumble. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Hint: In place of the salt, add your favorite cajun seasoning for some extra kick. After beef begins to brown, add the worcestershire sauce, the chopped onion and the minced garlic and cook an additional 5 minutes then remove beef from pan and set aside.
Place pan back on heat and pour in the Rotel diced tomatoes and chilies with juice. Bring to a boil over medium heat. Allow to simmer down for about 5 minutes. Add packet of taco seasoning. Ingredients will immediately thicken a bit. Add your drained sweet corn and cook for 5 minutes, until ingredients are combined and hot. (Hint: You can use frozen sweet corn, though it may take longer to heat through).
Add hamburger back to the pan with the tomatoes, corn and chilies and heat thoroughly. Add cooked rice and fluff together well.
Serve hot with salsa, taco sauce, shredded cheese and/or sour cream.

Submitter: 
Philip Shores
Description: 
My mother was bored with all of the generic food we would make on work nights and was aching for something with some spice. So with some experimentation, we came up with this recipe. Hamburger and rice has been a staple, so we added some pizzazz by adding a Mexican flare to the recipe.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10
Ready in:
30
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
