URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64648628/tavola-fredda---italian-cold-lunch-and-flavored-water/
Title:
Tavola Fredda - Italian Cold Lunch and Flavored Water Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/4539437.jpg
Ingredients:
For the Pasta Salad
1 cup elbow-shaped pasta
1 tsp salt
1/4 frozen peas
1 small carrot, diced
1 small zucchini, cut into 1/2 inch wheels
1 small red bell pepper, diced
18 cherry tomatoes
1 fresh hot pepper, finely sliced
1/2 tsp fine sea salt
1/4 tsp ground black pepper
2 tsp olive oil
2 tsp fresh marjoram
1 tsp fresh thyme
1 Tbsp EVOO
For the Wraps
12 slices bresaola (if you can't find it, use prosciutto crudo)
225g soft goat cheese
1 Tbsp finally chopped chives
240 grams arugula
1 bulb fennel, cleaned and thinly sliced
For the Dressing
1 Tbsp EVOO
1 tsp balsamic vinegar
1 lemon
450g fresh red currants
75g dark chocolate (70% cocoa)
For the Water
1500ml water
6 cucumber wheels
3 lime wheels
9 basil leaves

Directions:
Make the pasta salad. Put a large pot of water to boil. Add 1 tsp salt. Add the peas. Boil the pasta one or two minutes less than package directions. The pasta should be al dente. If it is too soft, it will become soggy after sitting in the refrigerator.
While the pasta is cooking, sauté the carrot, zucchini, and bell pepper in two tsp of oil. Add the tomatoes and cook until blistered but not soft.
Mix together the cooked vegetables with the drained pasta and peas. Add one tablespoon of EVOO, chopped hot pepper, marjoram, thyme, amd salt. Allow to cool and refrigerate.
Mix together the goat cheese, chives, and one teaspoon black pepper. Evenly distribute the goat cheese mixture on the 12 slices of bresaola and roll up. Arrange 80 grams of arugula in a three-compartment lunch box. Top with an equal amount of fennel. Add four roll-ups on top. Evenly distribute the cold pasta salad in the three lunch boxes. Add 150 grams of red currants and 25 grams of chocolate in the remaining empty compartments. In a small container, add the 1 tablespoon of EVOO and balsamic vinegar. Slice the lemon into 6 wedges. Add two wedges to each lunch box.
In three 500 ml drink containers add equal amounts of the cucumber, lime, and basil. Add water.
Put everything into the refrigerator.
Before consuming the lunch, squeeze lemon over the pasta salad and bresaola and use the vinaigrette for the salad.

Submitter: 
Buckwheat Queen
Description: 
Tavola Fredda - Italian Cold Lunch and Flavored Water
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
3
Nutritional Facts:
NA
