URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64643594/4-ingredient-pecan-balls/
Title:
4-INGREDIENT PECAN BALLS Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1/2 cup unsalted butter (1 stick), softened2 tablespoons granulated sugar1 cup all-purpose flour1 heaping cup chopped pecans1/4 teaspoon salt  CouponsOptional chocolate drizzle: 1/2 cup semisweet chocolate chips

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 275.Cream together the butter, sugar and flour with a hand mixer or stand mixer.Fold in the pecans and salt and stir until combined. The mixture will be crumbly but will stick to itself.Roll the dough into small balls (about 1/2-inch across) and place on an ungreased baking sheet. (You can wet your hands to keep the dough from sticking to you.)Bake at 275 for 45 minutes.Let cool completely on the baking sheet before transferring to an airtight container. These pecan puffs keep for up to a week on the counter or in the pantry.To make the chocolate sauce: Place chocolate chips in a microwave safe bowl. Microwave for 1 minute. Stir and microwave in 30 seconds intervals until chocolate is melted and can be stirred together. Drizzle melted chocolate over cooled pecan balls or dunk balls in the chocolate sauce.If your butter isnt at room temperature  mine never is  you can microwave it for about 20 seconds to soften it. You dont want it melted.I buy pecan pieces  they are cheaper than whole, in-tact pecans, and they just need a rough chop to break up the big pieces for this recipe.The mixture is crumbly but the dough does stick to itself to be able to roll into balls. You can wet your hands to keep the dough from sticking to you.These are crumbly straight out of the oven, too, so be sure to let them cool on the pan so they can set up. Then theyre ready to share or transport!

Submitter: 
Gina Lee Lafreniere
Description: 
Easy 4-ingredient pecan balls make a great game day snack, appetizer or anytime treat!The chocolate makes these more of a dessert ball, so you can do some pecan balls plain and some with chocolate  whatever works for you!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
5
Ready in:
50
Number of servings: 
22
Nutritional Facts:
NA
