URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64647072/portobello-ragu/
Title:
Portobello Ragu Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/4530290.jpg
Ingredients:
1/4 cup olive oil, divided
4 slices pancetta, chopped
1 medium yellow onion, (3/4 cup), diced
4 Portobello mushroom caps
1 1/2 teaspoon sea salt
1 teaspoon freshly ground pepper
3/4 cups dry red wine
3 cloves garlic, minced
1 teaspoon dried thyme
1 teaspoon dried sage
1 teaspoon dried rosemary
1 and 1/2 teaspoon dried oregano
1 (32 ounce) can chopped tomatoes or crushed tomatoes
1 6-ounce can tomato paste

Directions:
Heat a large skillet to medium heat. Once hot add in 2 tablespoons of olive oil then pancetta and onions. Let sauté for 5-7 minutes stirring often using a wooden spoon. Sauté for about 5 more minutes until pancetta is crispy. Remove the onions and pancetta using a slotted spoon onto a plate lined with a paper towel.
Add another 2 tablespoons of olive oil into the same skillet over medium-high heat. Take your Portobello mushrooms and remove the stem then scrape the gills by using a teaspoon. Do this gently!
Chop the mushrooms and add to the hot skillet. Stir to coat the olive oil with your wooden spoon. Add in salt, pepper, garlic and stir around the pan. Sauté for about 5 minutes stirring often. Pour in the wine to deglaze the pan and scrape up the bits at the bottom of the pan and incorporate into the wine liquid.
Next add in thyme, sage, rosemary, oregano and can of tomatoes. Stir again and bring to a boil.
Add in can of tomato paste and use your tablespoon or wooden spoon and press the paste along the edges of the pan to incorporate into the sauce.
Run your hot water and fill tomato paste can 1/2 full and take a teaspoon and stir around to get all of the paste that was still remaining in the can then pour into the sauce. Add in pancetta and onions then stir together and cover and lower to simmer for 15-20 minutes (or longer).

Submitter: 
Cindy Anschutz Barbieri
Description: 
This Portobello ragu is hearty and flavorful. I love to serve over zucchini noodles or with sautéed chicken. You can use fresh or dried herbs for this ragu. My recommendation would be to add the fresh herbs in towards the end of the cooking process but the dried herbs can go in right away!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
