URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64647082/spaghetti-and-meatball-pie/
Title:
Spaghetti and Meatball Pie Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/4530302.jpg
Ingredients:
6 tablespoons unsalted butter, diced, at room temperature, plus extra for greasing pan
1 package of frozen pastry sheets, thawed
1 pound capellini (angel hair) or thin spaghetti
1 cup plus 1/2 cup grated Parmesan
3 large eggs, whisked
1/2 cup chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley
1 1/2 teaspoon sea salt
1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper
1 cup italian-style breadcrumbs
24 mini-meatballs or regular sizes cut into quarters (cooked)
2 cups shredded mozzarella
3 tablespoons olive oil
2 cups marinara sauce
Flour

Directions:
Place an oven rack in the center of the oven. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter the bottom and sides of a 9-inch diameter nonstick spring form pan. Wrap bottom outside of pan with foil. (This just prevents a mess should there be any leakage). Place on a large baking sheet.
Over high heat bring a large pot of salted water to a boil over. Add the pasta and cook until tender but still firm to the bite, stirring occasionally, 4 to 5 minutes. Drain well and place in a large bowl. Add 4 tablespoons butter, 1 cup Parmesan, eggs, parsley, salt and pepper. Toss together until coated.
Take the first pastry sheet and lay it on a floured surface. Roll out until thin and carefully place in the prepared spring form pan. Using your fingers set the pastry sheet against the edges of the pan. Let the top hang over the top of the pan.
Sprinkle 1/4 cup breadcrumbs in the bottom of the prepared pan. Spread 1/3 of the pasta mixture on top. Arrange half of the meatballs in a single layer. Sprinkle half of the mozzarella on top. Add 1/3 of the pasta and push down lightly to form an even layer. Repeat the layers with 1/4 cup breadcrumbs, the remaining pasta,  and mozzarella. In a small bowl, mix the remaining 1/2 cup breadcrumbs and Parmesan together. Sprinkle over the layers and end with the remaining 2 tablespoons butter.
Take the 2nd pastry sheet and follow the same process of thinning out on a floured surface. Top the pan with the sheet and fold the first sheet over the top and roll like you would a crust to an apple pie.
Drizzle with olive oil and bake until light golden on top, 45 to 50 minutes. Cool for 10 minutes.
Remove the sides of the pan and cut the pasta into wedges. Serve with a side of warm marinara sauce.
Cindy's Tip! This is a great way to use left over meatballs and sauce. This will WOW anyone you make this for and it is really better the next day just warmed in the microwave. My kids request this dish the day after I make meatballs. If you don't have any you can purchase pre-made mini meatballs but nothing taste better then homemade.

Submitter: 
Cindy Anschutz Barbieri
Description: 
Do you ever wonder what to do with your left over Sunday meatballs? Or you want to make spaghetti and meatballs but want something a little different! This dish makes a repeat appearance in my house especially for last minute guests. I always have marinara sauce and meatballs in my freezer.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
