URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64646247/chicken-ramen-bowl/
Title:
Chicken Ramen Bowl Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/4528121.jpg
Ingredients:
For the Ramen:
1 tablespoon oil
1 pound boneless, skinless chicken breasts, cooked and shredded
1 medium onion sliced thin
1 tablespoon fresh grated ginger
3 garlic cloves, minced
1 tablespoon Sriracha
2 tablespoons mirin
2 tablespoons oyster sauce
1 tablespoon fish sauce
½ cup low sodium soy sauce
? cup rice vinegar
¾ pounds baby bok choy, sliced into quarters lengthwise
4 cups low sodium chicken broth
1 cup water
3 (3 oz) packages dried ramen noodles
7 minute eggs:
4 eggs
Additional toppings:
green onion, sliced
cilantro
jalapeños, sliced

Directions:
Make the ramen broth: Heat a dutch oven over medium high heat. Add the onion and saute' until starting to soften, about 5 minutes. Add the ginger and garlic and cook about 30 seconds. Add the Sriracha, oyster sauce, fish sauce, soy sauce and rice vinager. Stir to combine. Add chicken broth and water and bring to a boil. Turn down to a simmer for 5 minutes. Add bok choy and shredded chicken and simmer gently for an additional 10 minutes.
While broth is simmering, make the ramen according to package. Drain, drizzle with a little oil to prevent sticking and set aside.
Make the 7 minute eggs: Fill a pot with enough water to cover the eggs, and bring to a boil. Gently lower the eggs into the boiling water, and let cook for 7 minutes.
Meanwhile, fill a large bowl with ice water. When eggs are done, transfer to the ice bath to stop the cooking process. Wait a few minutes then carefully peel away the shell and slice in half, lengthwise. Set aside until ready to serve.
Assemble the ramen bowls: Chop the scallions, jalapeños, and cilantro. Divide the noodles into bowls. Add the ramen broth. Top with the fresh scallions, jalapeño, cilantro and the soft boiled egg. Serve immediately.

Submitter: 
Tonja Engen
Description: 
The holiday hoopla is over and I’m setting my sights on healthy eating this month.  Ramen has been all the rage for awhile and I’ve been dying to try this at home.  I never want to skimp on flavor even when I’m eating healthy.  This dish is a total flavor bomb, filled with a rich broth, tender meat, noodles, and topped with a 7-minute egg–which is my new favorite thing in the world.  Wow.  My family went nuts for this meal.  It’s healthy and complex, so easy to make and so satisfying.  You don’t have to make the egg, but I think it’s SO worth it.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
