URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64647119/zucchini-spaghetti-with-lentil-marinara/
Title:
Zucchini Spaghetti with Lentil Marinara Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2-3 large zucchini, spiralized
1/2 cup lentils, dried
Olive oil
1/4 cup yellow onion, finely chopped
1-2 carrots, diced
1 14.5 oz. can crushed tomatoes
1 6-ounce can tomato paste
3 garlic cloves, minced (reserve 1 clove for zucchini)
1 teaspoon dried basil
1 teaspoon dried oregano
1/2 teaspoon dried thyme
1/2 teaspoon dried parsley
1/4 teaspoon red pepper flakes
Sea salt
Freshly ground pepper
Freshly grated parmesan cheese

Directions:
Season zucchini noodles with salt and pepper.  Set aside.
Cook lentils according to package directions.  Once they are done set aside.
Meanwhile in a Dutch oven over medium heat add in about 2 tablespoons of oil.  Once hot add in onions and let cook for 2 minutes then add in garlic to cook for an additional minute.   Pour in crushed tomatoes and bring to a high simmer.  Use a small spoon and add in paste.  Take the back of the spoon and press the paste to the sides of the pan.  To scrape up the paste from the can add in a little bit of hot water and stir then pour into the pan.
Add in garlic, basil, oregano, thyme, parsley, red pepper flakes, 1 teaspoon of salt and 1/2 teaspoon of pepper.  Reduce to a simmer, cover and cook for 20 minutes.
Drain any excess water from the lentils then add them into the marinara.  Cover and let simmer for another 10 minutes.  Taste for any additional seasonings.
In a large sauté over medium heat add in about 2 tablespoons of olive oil.  Once hot add in garlic and zucchini noodles.  Toss around to coat then season with a little salt and pepper.  Cook for 5-7 minutes.
To serve add zucchini noodles to each plate then ladle lentil marinara.  Top with freshly grated parmesan cheese.

Submitter: 
Cindy Anschutz Barbieri
Description: 
I just love lentils and marinara so it was a quick decision to marry the two of them in this zucchini dish!  I love to drizzle my dish with a little extra virgin olive oil then sprinkle some freshly grated parmesan cheese.

Cindy's Note:  Before using the lentils pour into a colander and rinse then go through them with your hands to pick out any bad lentils.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
