URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64649955/spiced-apple-oatmeal-cookie-ice-cream-sandwiches/
Title:
Spiced Apple Oatmeal Cookie Ice Cream Sandwiches Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 package big oatmeal raisin cookies, 12 count, 6”
1 (1.5 gal) vanilla ice cream, softened for 10-15 minutes
1 (21 oz) apple pie filling, such as Duncan Hines
1 (14.1 oz) jar Speculoos cookie butter, optional

Directions:
Pour apple pie filling into a bowl and go through with a spoon, cutting each apple slice into thirds. Warm ½ cup of the cookie butter in microwave for 10-15 seconds, stirring every 5 seconds until pourable but still thick.
Place softened vanilla ice cream into a bowl of a mixer and blend on low for a few seconds until uniformly softened. Add apples and blend for a few seconds more, until incorporated. Add cookie butter, if desired, and  gently fold in so that you can still see ribbons; do not incorporate completely! Spread into a foil-lined half-sheet pan and freeze for 5 hours or overnight, along with the package of cookies.
Remove cookies from freezer.  Place 6 of the cookies on a parchment-lined cookie sheet, frosting side up. Remove ice cream pan from the freezer. Using a 3" or 3.5" round metal cookie cutter, slice ice cream rounds and working quickly, bring each round of ice cream over to a cookie with the aid of a spatula, if necessary. The cutter should naturally remove each round as you lift. Simply gently press the ice cream through with the back of the cutter with a spoon until it falls onto each cookie. Press another cookie on top and put entire tray in freezer for 1-2 hours.
Place each ice cream sandwich into a parchment or waxed paper sandwich bag, fold each top and crease to seal and freeze until ready to serve.
When firmly frozen, hand out the bags. Peel the bag down as you eat, keeping the bag beneath the sandwich to catch drips!
Cook's note: If you want to stretch the recipe, use smaller cookies, or cut frozen sandwiches with a serrated knife or bench cutter.

Submitter: 
Matt Wencl
Description: 
Old fashioned deliciousness! If you really love cookie butter, spread some on the insides of the cookies before you assemble with the ice cream!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
24 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
