URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64647100/zucchini-lasagna/
Title:
Zucchini Lasagna Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2-3 medium zucchini, sliced lengthwise about 1/4 inch
1/2 pound lean ground beef
1/2 pound ground pork
1/2 pound ground veal
1 small yellow onion, chopped
2-3 garlic cloves, minced
1 (14oz) can diced tomatoes
1 (6 ounce) cans tomato paste
1 teaspoon dried oregano
1 teaspoon dried basil
1/2 teaspoon dried thyme
1/4 cup water
1 teaspoon sea salt
1/8 teaspoon freshly ground pepper
1 (12 ounce) container ricotta cheese
1 cup mozzarella cheese, shredded
1 large egg, lightly whisked
1 teaspoon dried parsley

Directions:
Preheat oven 350 degrees F
In a large pot boil water and add a heaping handful of salt. Add in zucchini and boil for 3 minutes or until tender, drain and set aside.
In a sauté pan brown ground beef, pork, veal, and onions until tender; drain fat. Add next 7 ingredients then salt and pepper. Simmer for about 10 minutes and taste for any additional seasonings (maybe some red pepper flakes). You will start to smell the delicious meat sauce!
In a medium bowl combine ricotta, 1/2 cup mozzarella cheese, egg, and parsley.
Prepare your 9×13-baking dish and lightly coat the bottom with meat sauce (mostly sauce) then add a layer of zucchini, next add a layer of the meat sauce (I like to use a slotted spoon and try to make this layer mostly meat). Top with another layer of zucchini, a light cheese layer, top with last layer of zucchini. Add sauce to cover zucchini.
Bake uncovered for 20 minutes. Add remaining mozzarella cheese and bake for another 15 minutes until cheese and melted and bubbly. Let rest for 5 minutes, slice and enjoy!
Chef’s Note!
If you want to add extra crunch in this recipe. Preheat oven to 350 degrees and prepare a baking sheet pan with parchment paper.
Now – Take 2 baking dishes – One whisk 2 eggs, The other add bread crumbs. Coat each zucchini slice with egg then bread crumbs and line on baking sheet.Bake for 20 minutes. Line in lasagna following instructions above.

Submitter: 
Cindy Anschutz Barbieri
Description: 
Lasagna is a family favorite and using fresh garden zucchini make this dish light and delicious for everyone to enjoy. This is a great gluten free recipe and perfect Italian dinner!

Use your mandolin to slice your zucchini or a sharp chefs knife.

Check out Chef’s Note below – I also made this recipe breaded for extra crunch. I also made this recipe using ground turkey and it was delicious.

You can also add sauté zucchini or other fresh garden vegetables into your meat sauce.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
