URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64643971/beef-stroganoff/
Title:
Beef Stroganoff Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
150 grams thinly sliced beef (preferably from thigh part)
pinch of salt
pinch of pepper
30 grams shiitake
30 grams maitake
1/2 piece yellow onion
1 clove garlic
1 tablespoon flour
1 piece dried bay leaf
pinch of dried thyme
200 mL heavy cream
5 grams sprouts
1/4 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon pepper

Directions:
If the beef is taken out from the fridge, leave it at room temperature for about 20 minutes before cooking. You want your beef to have a room temperature before cooking so that it will be cooked evenly. Slice it into about 2-centimeter pieces then sprinkle it with a pinch of salt and pepper then mix.
Slice the mushrooms thinly. For the shiitake, separate the head from the stem part then slice each part thinly. For the maitake, you can use your hands to gently tear the mushroom into smaller pieces. You can also use a knife to slice it thinly. For this recipe, I’ve used maitake and shiitake as it is common in our area. You can also use a combination of other types of mushrooms which is easier to find near you OR you can also use canned mushrooms which actually has a bit stronger taste than the fresh one.
Cut the onion in half then slice it thinly. For the garlic, mince it finely.
In a large microwave-safe bowl, combine the beef, mushrooms, onion and garlic. Add a tablespoon of flour then mix until the rest of the ingredients are evenly coated. Make sure that the beef slices are separated and not clumped together so it will be cooked evenly. Use your hands to separate the beef clumps if needed.
Next, add a piece of dried bay leaf and a pinch of dried thyme. Pour the heavy cream then mix all the ingredients well.
Cover the bowl or use a microwave-safe cling wrap. Put in the microwave then cook for 8 minutes using 600W.
Remove the bowl from the microwave then mix well. You can adjust taste by adding a quarter teaspoon more of salt and pepper. If you’ve used canned mushrooms, it might turn out a bit saltier so you don’t need to add more salt.
Put some sprouts on top before serving it with rice or bread.

Submitter: 
Pearl Ishizaki
Description: 
null
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
NA
