URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64646949/italian-vegetable-fusilli-with-basil-mint-pesto/
Title:
Italian Vegetable Fusilli with Basil Mint Pesto Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/4530059.jpg
Ingredients:
2 tablespoons pine nuts
3 cups fresh basil leaves
1 cup fresh parsley
1 cup mint leaves
2 garlic cloves, smashed
1 1/4 cups olive oil, divided
1/4 cup freshly grated Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese, plus more for serving
Sea salt
Freshly ground black pepper
1 pound De Cecco® fusilli
1 pound asparagus, cut into 1/2-inch pieces
1 bag fresh baby spinach

Directions:
In a small sauté pan add pine nuts then set stove to a medium heat. Toast the pine nuts over moderate heat until golden, about 2 minutes; transfer to a plate and let cool.
In your mini chopper, combine the pine nuts, basil, parsley, mint and garlic and pulse until finely chopped.  Add 1 cup of the olive oil  and  1/4 cup of Parmigiano-Reggiano and pulse to incorporate. Season the pesto with salt and pepper.
In a large pot of salted boiling water, cook the  De Cecco® fusilli 4 minutes less than box instructions.  Using a glass measuring up – reserve 1 cup pasta water. Drain the pasta and wipe out the pot.
Add the remaining 1/4 cup of olive oil to the pot and heat until hot.  Add the asparagus and season with salt and pepper and cook over high heat until crisp-tender and browned in spots, 4 minutes. Stir in the spinach and cook just until wilted, 3 minutes. Add the pasta and pesto and toss well to coat. Lower to simmer until ready to serve.
Note: If you are not serving immediately keep on a warm temperature.  If the pesto looks dry then add in some of the reserved pasta water.

Submitter: 
Cindy Anschutz Barbieri
Description: 
I spotted a box of Fusilli pasta in my pantry and immediately decided to make an Italian dish with green vegetables and a pesto! My Italian Vegetable Fusilli with Basil Mint Pesto was amazing.
(If I can say so myself)
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
