URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64649952/blueberry-cheesecake-no-churn-ice-cream-sandwiches/
Title:
Blueberry Cheesecake No-Churn Ice Cream Sandwiches Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 (14oz) can sweetened condensed milk
1 (8 oz) pkg cream cheese, room temperature
2 cups heavy whipping cream
1 t. vanilla
Zest of 1 lemon, optional
½ lemon, juiced
1 (21 oz) can blueberry pie filling
2 (12-count) packages molasses cookies, 4” size

Directions:
Beat together sweetened condensed milk and cream cheese in a medium-sized bowl until smooth. Mix in vanilla, and if using, lemon juice and zest. Beat whipping cream in a large bowl until peaks are stiff; don’t overbeat. Pour a third of the cream cheese mixture at a time into the whipped cream and gently fold them together with a rubber scraper until combined; don’t overmix.
Spritz a metal loaf pan with water and drape in a sheet of parchment paper and press; the water prevents the paper from moving when you stack up the layers. Pour in a quarter of the cheesecake ice cream base, then spread a third of the can of blueberry filling across the length of the pan, repeating the layers twice more and ending with a final layer of ice cream base, if you have room. Cover with plastic wrap and freeze overnight, along with the packages of molasses cookies.
Put a small sheet pan in your freezer and remove the cookies from their package. Set out 12 wax paper or parchment sandwich bags. Remove the loaf pan with your ice cream and work one at a time. Turn 1 cookie onto a plate, flat side down. Use a 2” ice cream scoop and fill the scoop, taking care to scrape against the pan's edge to create a flat side. Eject the scoop onto each cookie and quickly top with another cookie, flatten lightly with the palm of your hand, slip into a parchment paper sandwich bag, fold the edge and crease to seal, and put immediately on the sheet pan in your freezer. Complete the rest of the ice cream sandwiches and freeze at least 5 hours, or preferably, overnight.
When firmly frozen, hand out the bags. Peel the bag down as you eat, keeping the bag beneath the sandwich to catch drips!

Submitter: 
Matt Wencl
Description: 
Imagine if a blueberry slushie swirled through a creamy cheesecake and landed in between two soft molasses cookies!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
24 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
