URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64644727/chinjao-rosu/
Title:
Chinjao Rosu Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/4524337.jpg
Ingredients:
200 grams thinly sliced beef scraps (komagire)
1 Japanese green pepper (green piiman)
1 Japanese red pepper (red piiman)
30 grams bamboo shoots
1 clove garlic
pinch of pepper
1 teaspoon soy sauce
1 teaspoon cornstarch
1 teaspoon sesame oil
1/2 teaspoon sugar
1 tablespoon sake
1/2 tablespoon soy sauce
1 teaspoon oyster sauce

Directions:
In a bowl, put the beef then add grated garlic, pinch of pepper, a teaspoon of soy sauce, a teaspoon of cornstarch and a teaspoon of sesame oil. Mix the ingredients well then marinate for about 20 minutes.
Remove the head and seeds of the Japanese pepper or piiman then slice it into thin strips. I’ve used a store-bought shredded bamboo shoots but if you're using a large piece, you need to slice it thinly almost the same size as the piiman.
In a small bowl, combine a tablespoon of sake, half a tablespoon of soy sauce and a teaspoon of oyster sauce then mix well until the liquids are well combined.
After marinating the beef, combine it with the sliced piiman, bamboo shoots and seasonings in a microwave-safe dish. Mix well until the ingredients are well combined. Make sure that the beef slices are separated and not clumped together so it will be cooked evenly. Use your hands to separate the beef clumps if you find any.
Cover or wrap the dish with a microwave-safe cling wrap. Put in the microwave then cook for 2 minutes using 600W.
After 2 minutes, remove the dish from the microwave then mix the ingredients well. Put back the cover or cling wrap then microwave again for 2 minutes, still using 600W.
Remove the dish from the microwave then mix. Place on a plate then serve while hot.

Submitter: 
Pearl Ishizaki
Description: 
When cooked in a stove-top it is stir fried beef with peppers and bamboo shoots with a soy-sauce based seasonings. For this microwave recipe I have used thinly sliced beef scraps or “komagire” and Japanese green peppers called “piiman”. This dish is very tasty and is good served with rice.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
NA
