URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64649550/rhubarb-crumble-bars/
Title:
Rhubarb Crumble Bars Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/4536207.jpg
Ingredients:
1/3 cup water
1/4 sugar
3 cups chopped rhubarb (approximately 4-5 stalks)
.
1/2 cup old-fashioned oats
2 tbsp whole wheat flour or millet flour
1 tsp ground cinnamon
4 tsp pure maple syrup, room temperature
2 tsp unsalted butter or coconut oil, melted
.
½ tsp cornstarch
.
2/3 cup white whole wheat flour or gluten-free* flour
1/4 tsp baking powder
1/4 tsp salt
1 tbsp  unsalted butter or coconut oil, melted
2 tbsp unsweetened cashew milk, room temperature
1 tsp vanilla extract
4 tbsp sugar

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 350°F, and coat an 8x4” loaf pan with nonstick cooking spray.
Mix 1/3 cup of water and 1/4 cup of sugar in a deep saucepan, making sure the sugar is completely mixed in. Bring to a low boil over medium heat on the stove. I usually have to turn it down to a simmer because I need a bit more time to cut up my rhubarb.
Meanwhile, chop up the rhubarb into approximately 1inch long chunks. If you end up having slightly thicker stalks then cut in half lengthwise. Once the water and sugar mixture has come to a low boil, add in your rhubarb and leave the pan open to let simmer.
The rhubarb will start to become mushier. If you are finding your stalks are still a bit hard just add a couple tablespoons of water. I like my rhubarb to be very tart so you may find that you want to add a bit more sugar to make the mixture a bit sweeter. It will be hot so be careful with a taste-test. Once it has reached a nice mushy consistency remove from the heat and put in a bowl to use later.
To prepare the topping, stir together the oats, flour, and cinnamon. Make a well in the centre. Pour in the maple syrup and butter, and stir until all ingredients are completely incorporated.
Amy's original recipe calls to mix the fruit (Blueberries for her) with the cornstarch. I did this my first time and found it made my mixture a bit too thick so I would recommend trying without the cornstarch first to see how you like it.
To prepare the crust, whisk together the flour, baking powder, and salt in a small bowl. In a separate bowl, whisk together the butter, milk, and vanilla. Stir in the coconut sugar. Add in the flour mixture, stirring just until incorporated.
Press the crust into the bottom of the prepared pan, using water to wet your spatula to prevent sticking. Spread the rhubarb filling evenly over the crust. Sprinkle the oat mixture on top of the berries.  Bake at 350°F for 15-19 minutes or until the berry juices are bubbling and the crust appears to be done. Cool completely to room temperature in the pan, and let the bars rest for at least 3 hours once at room temperature before slicing and serving.

Submitter: 
Veronica Livingston
Description: 
This recipe is adapted from amyshealthybaking.com Healthy Blueberry Crumble Bars. I can't get enough of this brilliant woman! Be sure to visit her site for more amazing recipes. For this recipe, I substituted 1 cup fresh blueberries for approximately 3 cups of chopped rhubarb. I also could not find coconut sugar so I had to use just regular sugar :(
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
