URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64649918/cheesy-bacon-sausage-egg-hash-brown-skillet/
Title:
Cheesy Bacon Sausage Egg Hash Brown Skillet Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/4536885.jpg
Ingredients:
6 slices bacon, cut into 1 inch pieces
1 smoked sausage (I used smoked pineapple & bacon chicken precooked sausage)
1 tablespoon canola oil
1 teaspoon butter
½ medium onion, chopped
2½ cups frozen hash browns, thawed
½ teaspoon garlic powder
½ teaspoon onion powder
¼ teaspoon salt
¼ teaspoon pepper
1 cup cheddar cheese, shredded
6 eggs
1 tablespoon milk
¼ teaspoon garlic powder
Dash of salt and pepper
Garnish with 2 green onions, thinly sliced, if desired

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350°F.
In a 10-inch skillet over medium heat, cook bacon until crisp. Using a slotted spoon, remove to a paper towel lined small bowl. Carefully remove half of the bacon fat using a spoon.
Cut sausage into slices and brown in the same skillet on both sides. Remove to the same bowl.
Add oil and butter to the same skillet, and then add onions and hash browns. Sprinkle the garlic powder, onion powder, salt and pepper over the top and stir together for 1 minute. Spread out the hash browns and let cook for 5 minutes without stirring. Turn the hash browns over and sprinkle the cheddar cheese evenly over the top.
In a medium sized bowl, stir together the eggs, milk, garlic powder, salt and pepper. Pour egg mixture over the top of the cheese. Sprinkle the bacon and sausage pieces over the top. Place in the oven and bake for 10-15 minutes or until knife inserted in the center comes out clean, top is puffed and the cheese is melted. Remove from oven and top with green onions, if desired.

Submitter: 
Culinary Envy
Description: 
Cheesy Bacon Sausage Egg Hash Brown Skillet is a scrumptious, easy breakfast loaded with bacon, sausage, hash browns, cheese and eggs!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 mins
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
