URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64646961/paleo-creamy-chicken-primavera/
Title:
Paleo Creamy Chicken Primavera Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/4530090.jpg
Ingredients:
2 boneless breasts chicken, organic if possible
Sea salt
Freshly ground pepper
1 large zucchini
1 red bell pepper
2 tablespoons olive oil or coconut oil
1 cup broccoli, florets
1 8 ounce package sliced baby bella mushrooms
1/2 pound fresh green beans, trimmed and cut into 2 1/2-inch pieces
1/2 cup yellow onion, thinly sliced
1 garlic clove, minced
1/2 teaspoon red pepper flakes
1/2 cup frozen peas
2 tablespoon unsalted butter or ghee
3/4 cup heavy cream
1/2 cup chicken broth or white wine
1/2 cup freshly grated parmesan cheese (optional)
6 fresh basil leaves, chopped
Any other fresh herbs!

Directions:
Heat your grill to about 375 degrees.
Season chicken with salt and pepper on both sides. Add to grill and cook each side for about 4 minutes then remove from heat and set aside.
Slice zucchini the long way then season lightly on both sides with salt/pepper and add to the grill. About 3 minutes on each side.
Take your red pepper and cut along the flesh into either one large of about 4 pieces. Add to the grill skin side down for about 3 minutes then flip for 2 minutes. Remove from grill.
Take a large sauté pan over medium high heat and add in olive oil and add in broccoli and mushrooms and season with 1/2 teaspoon sea salt and 1/4 teaspoon pepper. Let sauté for 3 minutes. Add in green beans, yellow onion, garlic and red pepper flakes. Let cook for about 5 minutes then remove from pan into a bowl and toss in the frozen peas. Chop the zucchini and slice the red pepper and toss in the bowl.
In the same pan add butter and let melt. Add in cream and bring to a simmer. Add in chicken broth or white wine and stir using a wooden spoon. Add in parmesan cheese and fresh basil.
Take the chicken and slice or chop then add into the pan along with the vegetables. Lower the temperature and combine carefully to incorporate all of the ingredients until all warmed through (about 5 minutes).
Add in any fresh herbs or more basil!
Note: You can enjoy this dish with your favorite pasta, Zucchini noodles or spaghetti squash.

Submitter: 
Cindy Anschutz Barbieri
Description: 
I just love this season with all of the fresh vegetables. I love going to the various farmers markets and creating great meals as we sit on our deck at the lake to enjoy with a nice glass of wine. I feel that this Italian dish will make you and your family happy. Give this Paleo Creamy Chicken Primavera recipe a try!

You can make this entire meal on a grill by grilling your veggies then set a pan on either your grill or side burner and make the cream sauce, slice up veggies and chicken then add to pan! Dinner is ready.. How easy was that.. I am going to share my recipe the way I prepared by
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
