URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64646242/lasagna-magnifico/
Title:
Lasagna Magnifico Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Meat Sauce:
28 oz can - Crushed Tomatoes (I like Cenzo)
1 small can - Tomato Sauce
1 small can - Tomato Paste
1 jar/can - Spaghetti Sauce (your choice)
1 lb - lean Ground Beef
1 lb - Ground Italian Sausage (choose hot or mild depending on your preference)
1 lb - Italian Sausage Links, cooked and sliced (*Optional)
1 lg - Onion, chopped
5 cloves - Garlic, chopped
1 T - Italian Seasoning
1 T - Basil
3 - Bay Leaf (I prefer Turkish)
2 tsp -  Fennel Seeds (*Optional)
2 tsp - Sugar
1 tsp - Salt
1/3 C - Red Wine (not cooking wine, but wine you'd actually drink)
Bechamel Sauce:
3 T - Butter
1/4 C - Flour
2 C - Milk
Other Ingredients:
3 C - Ricotta
2-1/2 C - Mozzarella, shredded
1/2 tsp - Nutmeg, ground (I prefer freshly ground, but have used bottle)
1 tsp - Parsley
1/2 tsp - Pepper
1 C - Parmigiano Reggiano, grated
10 - Mozzarella, fresh, sliced 1/4"
Lasagna Noodles, cooked or fresh (I prefer Whole Foods Gluten Free fresh lasagna noodles - no cook)
Foil to cover pan while cooking
1 - Foil Lasagna Deep Pan (*Optional but after a day of cooking I love just throwing the pan away versus scrubbing)

Directions:
Meat Sauce:
Brown ground beef and ground italian sausage. Add chopped onions and garlic. Cook until onions are soft, stir occasionally. Add remaining meat sauce ingredients. Bring to boil then cover and simmer, stir occasionally. In separate pan, cook italian sausage links. Cool then slice and add to meat sauce. Cook sauce on simmer for 2 hours (or all day -- it only gets better).
Once sauce is ready, Preheat oven to 375. Also, start noodles - if using lasagna noodles that need cooking (according to package directions).
In sauce pan over medium-high heat melt butter. Next gradually add flour whisking constantly for 2 minutes. Then gradually add milk while whisking often until sauce is cream consistency (up to 15 minutes). Remove from heat and cool for a few minutes then pour into a large bowl. Mix in ricotta, nutmeg, parsley, and pepper. Next mix in half of the mozzarella.
Building Lasagna in Deep Pan:
1. Sprinkle 1/2 cup of sauce liquid (not much meat) in bottom of pan and spread around.
2. Add first layer of noodles
3. Add 1/2 cheese sauce mixture
4. Add mozzarella slices
5. Add second layer of noodles
6. Add meat sauce to generously cover layer
7. Add remaining shredded mozzarella
8. Add 1/2 C of the Parmigiano Reggiano
9. Add third layer of noodles
10. Add meat sauce to generously cover layer (YOU WILL HAVE SAUCE LEFTOVER)
11. Add 1/2 C of the Parmigiano Reggiano
Cover pan lightly with foil.
Bake 45 minutes.
Remove foil.
Bake for another 15 minutes.
To cut nicely, you need to be patient and let the lasagna cool 15-30 minutes.
NOTES:
I've tried adjusting the sauce so I don't have too much leftover, but I like this ratio of ingredients. I usually just freeze the remaining sauce to have spaghetti another night. You can adjust the seasonings of the meat sauce to be more herb flavored by using fresh herbs, sweeter by adding more sugar, or hot/spicy by using hot italian sausage or by adding 1-2 tsp red pepper flakes.
This recipe freezes nicely and as with all sauces of this type it's even better the next day.

Submitter: 
Cindy
Description: 
This lasagna recipe uses a béchamel sauce mixed with ricotta and mozzarella making a decadent lasagna for family gatherings and special occasions. You might as well double the recipe because your guests are going to want to take some home.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
5 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
