URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64646477/gnocci/
Title:
Gnocci Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/4528749.jpg
Ingredients:
2 russet potatoes
1 1/2 cup all purpose flour
1 teaspoon sea salt
1 large egg, room temperature
2 tablespoons olive oil
1 tablespoon unsalted butter

Directions:
Take the potatoes and cut into large chunks.  Add to a large sauce pan and fill water to cover the potatoes.  Bring to a boil and let cook on a medium temperature for about 30-45 minutes; until fork tender.  Drain and let cool.
Peel potato while warm then pass through a vegetable mill or use a potato hand held mill onto a clean work surface or large board.  Cover the potatoes with flour and add salt and give a gently mix with your hands.  Make a well in the center of the potato and flour mixture and add the egg.  Using a fork start to whisk the eggs then slowly take the mixture and incorporate together.  Once the egg is mixed in use your hands and start kneading gently.  Do this for about 5 minutes and the ball with come together and will become a dry dough.
Cut the dough ball in half then roll until it's a long dowel about 3/4 inch in diameter.  Cut each into 1 inch pieces.  Take your fork and roll into and create your shape.
Bring a large pot of water to a boil.  Add in about 2 teaspoons of salt and add in gnocchi (you may want to do this into batches) and add into the boiling water for about 1 minute as they will rise to the top.
Heat a large sauté pan over medium high heat then add in oil and butter.  Use a slotted spoon to remove the cooked gnocchi and add to the hot pan to add a nice crispy outside and great flavor.  Just add a pinch of salt and pepper.  If you have chicken broth or white wine pour a little in to add more flavor.  Serve with your dinner and enjoy with smiles.

Submitter: 
Cindy Anschutz Barbieri
Description: 
Gnocchi is so easy to make and everyone gets so excited when you serve it to them.  I decided to make this as a side to my Pork Milanese dinner and it was a big hit.  I pan fried them after they boiled but you can omit this step but it's really good.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
