URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64644734/sweet-and-sour-pork/
Title:
Sweet and Sour Pork Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/4524344.jpg
Ingredients:
200 g thinly sliced pork
1 pinch salt
1 pinch pepper
1 small yellow onion
1 japanese green pepper (green piiman)
1 japanese red pepper (red piiman)
1 piece shiitake mushroom
30 g bamboo shoots
2 tablespoons tomato ketchup
2 tablespoons water
1 tablespoon vinegar
1 tablespoon soy sauce
1/2 tablespoon sugar
1 teaspoon sesame oil
1/2 teaspoon chicken stock powder
1/2 tablespoon cornstarch
1 tablespoon water

Directions:
Season the pork with a pinch of salt and a pinch of pepper then mix well.
Cut the onion in half then slice it thinly.
Remove the head part and seeds of the Japanese peppers then slice it into cubes.
For the shiitake, separate the head from the stem then slice each part thinly.
In a small bowl, combine the ingredients for the sweet and sour sauce which are: 2 tablespoons of tomato ketchup, 2 tablespoons of water, a tablespoon of vinegar, a tablespoon of soy sauce, half a tablespoon of sugar, a teaspoon of sesame oil and half a teaspoon of chicken stock powder. Mix the ingredients well until well combined.
In a bowl, combine the pork, vegetables and the sweet and sour sauce then mix well. I’ve also added about 30 grams of sliced bamboo shoots.
Cover or use a microwave-safe cling wrap to cover the bowl. Cook in the microwave for 6 minutes using 600W.
Remove the bowl after 6 minutes then mix well. Dissolve half a tablespoon of cornstarch with a tablespoon of water then pour over the pork. Mix all the ingredients well.
Put back the cover or cling wrap then further cook in the microwave for 1 minute and 30 seconds using 600W.
Remove from the microwave then mix. Transfer to a serving plate then you cans serve.

Submitter: 
Pearl Ishizaki
Description: 
With this quick and easy microwave recipe for the sweet and sour pork you can skip taking it out from your favorite Chinese resto and try this fake-out recipe at home instead. It saves you tons of cooking time in the kitchen plus this recipe is healthier without the use of oil. The stove-top recipe for sweet and sour pork, requires the pork to be deep-fried but for this microwave recipe, there is no need for that process so it’s much easier. The cooking time is also less than 10 minutes so there is really no need for take out. Try and enjoy this delicious recipe at home.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
27 m
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
NA
