URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64647088/spaghetti-squash-puttanesca/
Title:
Spaghetti Squash Puttanesca Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/4530310.jpg
Ingredients:
1 large (4 pounds) spaghetti squash
1/4 cup olive oil (divided)
1 small onion (finely chopped)
4 cloves garlic (minced)
3 (15 ounce) can plum tomatoes (san marzano)
1 (7 ounce) can tomato paste
3/4 cup olives, pitted and sliced in half
2 tablespoons capers (drained)
1 can anchovy filets (minced)
1 teaspoon dried basil
1 teaspoon dried oregano
1/2 teaspoon red pepper flakes
1 teaspoon sea salt (or more)
3/4 teaspoon freshly ground pepper (plus more)

Directions:
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.
Take a baking sheet and line with parchment paper.  Place your spaghetti squash on the baking sheet and with a long metal skewer poke about 12 holes.  Bake for 50 minutes.
In a large saucepan over medium heat add in 2 tablespoons olive oil and once hot add in onion.  Let cook for 2 minutes then add in garlic for an additional 30 seconds.
Add in tomatoes and bring to a boil, then add in paste.  Use the back of a teaspoon and press the paste along the side of the pan to help dissolve into the sauce.  Add about 3 tablespoons of hot water in the paste can and stir the paste and pour into the pan.
Add remaining ingredients into the pan and stir well.  Cover and simmer for 30 minutes.
When the squash is done, let cool enough to touch, then slice lengthwise and discard seeds.
Use a fork to scrape the flesh and create pasta with the strands.  Place in a large bowl and top with the puttanesca sauce then toss together! Drizzle with a little olive oil.

Submitter: 
Cindy Anschutz Barbieri
Description: 
Puttanesca is a Southern Italian cuisine tomato sauce typically containing olives, garlic, capers, hot pepper, and anchovies mostly served with pasta but goes great with grilled chicken!

**Cindy's Tip!--You can bake the spaghetti squash ahead and before serving, toss the spaghetti strands in a sauté pan with olive oil to heat through!**
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
