URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64643324/easy-honey-garlic-chicken/
Title:
EASY HONEY GARLIC CHICKEN Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
6 chicken thighsSalt and pepper, to season2 teaspoons garlic powder, to season6 cloves garlic, crushed cup honey cup water (or chicken broth)2 tablespoons rice wine vinegar1 tablespoon soy sauce

Directions:
Season chicken with salt, pepper and garlic powder; set aside.Heat a pan or skillet over medium high heat; sear chicken thigh fillets or breast fillets on both sides until golden and cooked through.FOR BONE IN THIGHS:Reduce heat after searing on both sides, cover skillet with a lid and continue cooking until the chicken is cooked through, while turning every 5 minutes until done. Alternatively, see notes for oven method.Drain most of the excess oil from the pan, leaving about 2 tablespoons of pan juiced for added flavour.FOR SAUCE:When chicken is done and cooked through, arrange chicken skin-side up in the pan (if cooking with skin); add the garlic between the chicken and fry until fragrant (about 30 seconds). Add the honey, water, vinegar and soy sauce. Increase heat to medium-high and continue to cook until the sauce reduces down and thicken slightly (about 3-4 minutes).Garnish with parsley and serve over vegetables, rice, pasta or with a salad.NOTES*For chicken breasts: use 3 breasts, sliced horizontally in half. Sear breast fillets on each side until golden and cooked through (about 6 minutes per side, depending on the thickness of your fillets). Continue directions from the sauce, onwards.**For oven baked, bone-in thighs: Preheat oven at 400F or 200C. Sear chicken in an oven proof skillet or pan, skin side down first for 3 minutes. Flip and sear for a further 3 minutes until browned each side. Then bake in the oven for a further 20-25 minutes, until completely cooked through and no longer pink inside. Continue directions from the sauce, onwards.

Submitter: 
Gina Lee Lafreniere
Description: 
PRINTSticky and Easy Honey Garlic Chicken made simple, with the most amazing 5-ingredient honey garlic sauce that is so good youll want it on everything! | http://cafedelites.comORIGINAL RECIPE BY KARINA, CAFEDELITES Author: Karina - Cafe Delites
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 min
Ready in:
45 min
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
