URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64645255/low-carb-dense-and-creamy-vanilla-cheesecake/
Title:
Low Carb Dense and Creamy Vanilla Cheesecake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/4525642.jpg
Ingredients:
1 1/2 C Almond Flour
1/2 C Coconut Flour
1/3 C Butter (Measure solid, then melt)
3 Tbsp Swerve Sweetener (Granulated)
3 tsp Vanilla Extract (Separated)
1/4 tsp Cinnamon (Optional)
3 lbs Cream Cheese- Room Temperature
1 1/2 C Swerve Sweetener (Powdered-for texture)
3 Whole Large Eggs
2 Large Egg Yolks

Directions:
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F
CRUST:
Mix Almond and Coconut flours with melted butter, granulated Swerve, 1 tsp Vanilla, and cinnamon until crumbly.
Press firmly into 9 inch spring form pan.
Bake crust for 5-7 minutes. Let cool.
Reduce heat to 300 degrees F and place a roasting pan (large enough to fit the spring form pan) with at least an inch of water in the oven while mixing  the filling.
FILLING
Place cream cheese, powdered Swerve, and 2 tsp vanilla in the bowl of a stand mixer and beat with the paddle attachment on medium until smooth, scraping the sides frequently. DO NOT OVER-BEAT.
In a small bowl, beat the eggs and egg yolks slightly, add to cream cheese mixture slowly and mix until each portion is incorporated.
Make the spring form pan waterproof by wrapping the bottom and sides with aluminum foil.
Pour the batter into the pan and place carefully in the water bath in the oven.
Bake for 1 hour and 15 minutes, then turn the oven off (do NOT open the oven door) and leave in for 20 minutes.
Remove pan from the water bath and cool on a rack for 15 minutes, then place in the refrigerator to chill for at least 4 hours.
Cheesecake can be frozen; allow to thaw in refrigerator for about 12 hours before serving.
Tip: To avoid cracking, run a knife around the edges of the spring form pan before cooling.

Submitter: 
Leigh Ann Dewey
Description: 
Cheesecake is my go-to, absolute favorite dessert, so when I started Keto, I decided to modify my recipe. Here it is!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
60 min
Ready in:
2 hrs 45 min
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
NA
