URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64647079/saute-sea-bass-with-pasta-artichokes-lemon-and-herbs/
Title:
Saute Sea Bass with Pasta, Artichokes, Lemon, and Herbs Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/4530295.jpg
Ingredients:
1 spaghetti squash
3 slices pancetta or bacon, chopped
1 1/4 pound sea bass
1 tablespoon olive oil or coconut oil
1 tablespoon unsalted butter
1 small shallot, minced (1 tablespoon)
1 can quartered artichokes, drained
1 lemon juiced
2 tablespoons capers, drained
1 cup chicken broth
1 teaspoon fresh thyme
1 teaspoon sea salt
1/2 teaspoon freshly ground pepper

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees. Line a baking sheet with foil or parchment paper.
Take your spaghetti squash and poke about 10 times.  Place on prepared baking sheet and bake for 40 minutes.  Let cool.
Reduce oven temperature to 375 degrees F.
With a sharp chef's knife remove skin from sea bass (or you can ask your fish market to do it for you). Season both sides of the fish with salt and pepper.
Heat  a medium-sized oven-safe sauté pan over medium heat and add bacon or pancetta.  (if adding pancetta then add 1 tablespoon olive oil) and sauté until crispy.  Remove from pan and place on a plate lined with a paper towel.  Keep fat in the pan.
Increase the heat to high and add in oil and butter.  Season both sides of the  sea bass with salt and pepper then add to the hot pan. Sear over high heat for 2 minutes on each side to create a nice crust.  Transfer the pan to the oven for 7-8 minutes. Do not flip the fish while in the oven.  The fish will flake apart with a fork when done.
Take a large sauté pan over medium heat.  Add in butter, shallots, garlic, artichokes and lemon juice.  Saute for 5 minutes.
Meanwhile cut the spaghetti squash in 1/2 and with a spoon remove the seeds and top layer.  Take a fork and create your spaghetti threads and add to the sauté pan.  Pour in chicken broth, add capers, thyme and let simmer for 5-8 minutes.
Remove the fish from the oven.
To serve divide spaghetti squash mixture with broth in each bowl then top with a piece of sea bass and garnish with fresh thyme and pancetta or bacon.
This dish was perfect in our Le Creuset bowls!
Because I had a little procedure on my arm I decided to poke holes in the spaghetti squash and bake whole.  I normally cut in half and as many of you know it is not an easy job!  This was so easy to cut in half after it was baked.

Submitter: 
Cindy Anschutz Barbieri
Description: 
null
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
