URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64649956/happy-birthday-cake-ice-cream-sandwiches/
Title:
Happy Birthday Cake Ice Cream Sandwiches Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 (18.9 oz) Funfetti Cake mix
1/3 cup vegetable oil
2 eggs
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
1 cup colored miniature marshmallows, such as Kraft Funmallows
1 (1.5. gal) strawberry ice cream, softened for 10-15 minutes
1 (15.6 oz) can funfetti vanilla frosting
Assorted sprinkles

Directions:
Heat oven to 375°F. Combine cake mix, oil, eggs and vanilla in a medium-sized bowl with a spoon.  Shape dough into 1” balls and space 2 inches apart on parchment-lined cookie sheets. Dip a glass in flour and flatten each dough ball. You should have about 24 cookies.
Bake for 6-8 minutes, until slightly golden at the edges. Rest on racks until completely cool.
Place softened ice cream into a bowl of a mixer and blend on low for a few seconds until uniformly softened. Add marshmallows and blend for a few seconds more to incorporate. Spread into a foil-lined half-sheet pan and freeze for 5 hours or overnight.
Spread 1-2 teaspoons of icing on the bottom side of the cookies. Place 12 of the frosted cookies on a parchment-lined cookie sheet, frosting side up. Using a 2" round metal cookie cutter (or whatever size best fits the size of your cookies), slice ice cream rounds and working quickly, use a spatula to bring each round over to a cookie. The cutter should naturally remove each round as you lift. Simply gently press the ice cream through the cutter with the back of a spoon until it falls onto each cookie. Press another frosted cookie on top and put entire tray in freezer to freeze overnight.
The next day, pour sprinkles in bowls and roll each ice cream sandwich in sprinkles from the frosting can or from additional sprinkles, if desired. Place each ice cream sandwich into a parchment or waxed paper sandwich bag, fold each top and crease to seal and freeze 1-2 hours, or until ready to serve.
When firmly frozen, hand out the bags. Peel the bag down as you eat, keeping the bag beneath the sandwich to catch drips!

Submitter: 
Matt Wencl
Description: 
Colorful mini marshmallows stay soft and add fun color inside these tasty ice cream sandwiches, which are perfect for parties. Dip half of each sandwich in sprinkles to really add some fun to the party!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
24 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
