URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64650151/alexanders-chocolate-sin-cake-secret-recipe/
Title:
Alexander’s Chocolate Sin Cake Secret Recipe Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 tablespoons Butter
6 oz. semi sweet Chocolate
2 oz. bitter Chocolate
1 cup unsalted Butter
1 teaspoon Vanilla Extract
4 Eggs, at room temperature
4 Egg Yolks, at room temperature
1/2 cup Brown Sugar, firmly packed
6 tablespoons Corn Starch
10 oz. package frozen Red Raspberries in heavy syrup, thawed
1 pint fresh Raspberries
12 triangular Cookies or Chocolate Pieces
12 sprigs fresh Mint

Directions:
1. Butter (or coat with non-stick cooking spray) sides and bottoms of 12 4-oz. ramekins and set aside.
2. In the top of a double boiler over simmering water, combine semisweet chocolate, bitter chocolate, butter, and vanilla.
3. When butter and chocolate are melted, stir to blend and set aside.
4. In large bowl of the mixer, combine eggs, egg yolks, and brown sugar and beat on high 5-7 minutes or until thick and quadrupled in volume.
5. Reduce speed to low and add cornstarch, one tablespoon at a time, beating to incorporate after each addition.
6. Increase speed to high and beat 5 minutes or until mixture stands in soft peaks.
7. With a rubber spatula, fold the chocolate into the egg mixture, scraping the bottom and sides of bowl frequently.
8. Divide batter between prepared ramekins and bake in preheated 375-degree oven 10 minutes (cake will be lightly crusted with a soft center).
9. Remove from oven and cool.
10. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate until ready to serve, then run a knife blade around edges of cake to separate cake from the ramekin. Invert ramekin on serving plate. Lift ramekin, leaving the cake in the center of the plate.
11. Pour thawed raspberries in blender and puree. Strain and discard seeds.
12. Ladle raspberry coulis around the cake and garnish with fresh raspberries, triangular cookie or chocolate piece, and mint.

Submitter: 
Alexander Petrie
Description: 
This recipe is a sin that could only be forgiven by having some!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
3 m
Ready in:
8-10 m
Number of servings: 
22
Nutritional Facts:
NA
