URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64659026/crazy-gideons-fried-matzo-ball-soup/
Title:
Crazy Gideon's Fried Matzo Ball Soup Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/4558397.jpg
Ingredients:
Matzo Ball Ingredients:
8 eggs, slightly beaten
1/2 cup chicken fat (or vegetable oil)
1/2 cup chicken stock
3 matzos, crumbled
2 cups matzo meal
1 teaspoon kosher salt (plus more for seasoning)
1 teaspoon pepper
~1 quart vegetable oil (later for frying, optional)
1/2 cup flour (later, for frying, optional)
Soup Ingredients:
5 Oz wide egg noodles (uncooked)
8 cups chicken stock
3 carrots (thinly sliced)
2 celery stalks (thinly sliced)
2 tablespoon fresh dill or parsley (chopped)
1 tbsp butter
1 teaspoon kosher salt (plus more for seasoning)
1/2 teaspoon pepper (plus more for seasoning)
Carmelized Onion Ingredients:
2 tbsp olive oil
1 onion, diced
1 tbsp butter
2 garlic cloves, (minced, optional)
1 teaspoon kosher salt
1 tbsp white wine or vermouth (optional, for deglazing)
1/2 tsp sugar

Directions:
Directions:
Prepare the matzo balls. Beat the eggs and mix all the matzo ingredients together (except the flour and 1qt of vegetable oil). Once mixed, cover and place in the fridge for 30 minutes.
Meanwhile, begin carmelizing the onions. Melt 2 tbsp olive oil and 1 tbsp butter in a large pot (we'll call this the "soup pot") on high heat. Add the diced onion and mix well. Let heat for 15 minutes, stirring frequently. Mix in the sugar and let cook for another 10-15 minutes (or until onions are brown), stirring frequently. Add two cloves of minced garlic, stir, and allow to cook for 1 minute. Mix in the white wine to deglaze.
Also meanwhile, begin bringing a large pot (we'll call this "Matzo/noodles pot") of salted water to a boil. While you're bringing it to a boil (once the matzo meal has been in the fridge at least 30 minutes), with moisten hands, form the matzo meal into 4 large balls and set in the fridge until the Matzo/noodles pot is at a boil.
Once the Matzo/noodles pot is boiling, add the matzos and allow to simmer for 35 minutes (rotate balls occasionally). Once done, set the matzo balls aside and allow to cool off so that you can fry them later (if frying isnt your thing, let them stay in the boiling water for another 10-15 minutes and skip the step about frying them). Do not discard the water, as you'll use it for the noodles soon--allow it to maintain a simmer.
Add the the chicken stock, carrots, and celery to the soup pot with the onions. allow it to come to a boil and add the parsley/dill, 1 tsp salt, and 1/2 tsp pepper. mix. Bring a boil, and then reduce heat and let simmer for 30 min or so.
Disregard this step if not frying matzos. While the "soup pot" and the "matzo/noodle" pots are simmering, start another large pot/wok (uncovered) with the ~1qt vegetable oil come to a simmer (for the matzos). Or use a deep fryer. Bring the temp of the oil to about 365(f) degrees and make sure there's enough oil to submerge at least 1/2 of the matzo in oil.
Once the Matzo/Noodles pot is done with the matzo balls, set the balls aside. Once cool, pat down the matzo balls with a dry paper towel to remove excess moisture. Dredge the 4 matzo balls in flour and then add them to the pot/wok (once it's simmering). Let them fry for 3 to 5 minutes (or until they are golden/brown), rotating them about half way through . Set aside and let drain once done. Sprinkle immediately with salt.
Place the 5oz of noodles into the Matzo/Noodles pot (ensure the water has got a good simmer & add a bit more salt) and cook until al dente (about 6-8 min), and then strain and set aside.
Add the noodles and matzos to the soup. Allow to heat on medium for 5 min or so. Salt and pepper to taste and serve.

Submitter: 
TheElusivePastry
Description: 
This matzo ball soup has 3 things that make it different from traditional recipes: It includes a small amount of caramelized onion, matzo balls aren't typically fried, and the matzo balls are bigger--so to speak-- than most (although I've been to some authentic delis that serve large ones as well).

 If you make this, your Jewish grandmother may come back from the dead and punch you in the face
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
