URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64651674/paleo-swedish-meatballs/
Title:
Paleo Swedish Meatballs Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/4540477.jpg
Ingredients:
1 tablespoon olive oil or coconut oil
1 small yellow onion, diced
1 pound ground beef
2 egg yolks
1/4 cup almond meal
1 1/2 teaspoon sea salt, divided
1/2 teaspoon freshly ground pepper
2 teaspoon freshly ground nutmeg, divided
2 teaspoons allspice
2 tablespoons organic unsalted butter
2 teaspoons arrowroot polder
1 cup low sodium organic beef broth
1 cup pastured heavy cream
Melon scoop (works great)

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F
Heat a medium sauté pan over medium heat, add olive oil. Once hot add in onion and 1/2 teaspoon sea salt. (you can dice or use your grater). Cook until translucent – about 5-7 minutes. Set aside off the heat
In a large bowl add in beef, egg yolks, 1 teaspoon sea salt, pepper, almond meal, 1 teaspoon nutmeg and allspice. Use a fork to combine then add in cooled onion. Use your hands to combine the ingredients together.
Set out a large baking sheet, coat with foil and brush with oil. Take your melon scoop and make your meatballs. If you do not have a melon scoop just use a teaspoon. You don’t want them larger than a golf ball. These are cocktail style meatballs.
Once you roll out the meatballs. Bake for 18 minutes.
Heat a large sauté pan to medium and add in butter. Once melted add in arrowroot power and use a small whisk to combine the butter and powder together. Pour in beef broth and cream. Reduce to simmer and whisk in 1 teaspoon nutmeg.. Taste for any additional salt and pepper.
Once sauce has thickened – about 5 minutes. Add in meatballs, cover (if you don’t have a fitted cover just foil over the pan. Keep on warm until ready to serve
Tip: When entertaining with swedish meatballs I like to put them in a chafing dish. Next to the dish toothpicks and plates! The dish will be empty at the end of the evening! Enjoy
Note: If you do keep them in a chafing dish just check often so the cream does not dry out. If it starts to just add a little more cream and a dab of butter!

Submitter: 
Cindy Anschutz Barbieri
Description: 
I love meatballs but there is something about serving these little cocktail paleo swedish meatballs at a dinner party! Everyone smiles when they pop one (or several) in their mouth! Love paleo recipes!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
