URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64651679/stuffed-zucchini-rolls/
Title:
Stuffed Zucchini Rolls Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/4540486.jpg
Ingredients:
4 zucchini, large
1 pound ground chicken or turkey
1 bag baby spinach
1 large yellow onion, diced
2 cloves garlic, minced
2-3 tablespoons olive oil
1 1/4 teaspoons sea salt, divided plus more for boiling water
1/2 teaspoon freshly ground pepper
1 cup parsley, finely chopped
1 1/2 cup organic tomato puree
1-2 large tomatoes, sliced
Garnish with fresh basil or parsley

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F
Cut off the stem end of the zucchini. Using a mandolin or a vegetable peeler, slice the zucchini lengthwise into thin strips.
Boil water in a large pot of salty water (1 tablespoon) add zucchini in for 3 minutes, then drain. Set aside.
In a large sauté pan heat with a little olive oil, add spinach and cook until wilted, Remove from pan and set aside.
Add a little more (about a teaspoon) olive oil and add onion and garlic with 1/2 teaspoon sea salt. Cook for 1 minute the then add in ground chicken and cook for 5 minutes. Just start to brown then take off heat (If will finish cooking in the oven).
In a large bowl add ground chicken or turkey, spinach, onion and garlic. Season with 3/4 teaspoon sea salt and mix well. Next add the tomato puree. If the mixture seems to thick add a little water. Add in parsley and mix well.
Loosely stuff each zucchini with the stuffing half inch to the top and place them in wide pan or baking sheet. Drizzle each with a little olive oil.
Cover each zucchini roll with a tomato slice and sprinkle a little salt.
Bake for 20 minutes until meat if fully cooked and tomato becomes soft on top.

Submitter: 
Cindy Anschutz Barbieri
Description: 
Are you looking for a fun appetizer which is a delicious Italian Paleo Recipe and perfect for Entertaining!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
