URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64659193/smokey-steamed-boneless-skinless-chicken-breast/
Title:
Smokey Steamed Boneless Skinless Chicken Breast Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/4558869.jpg
Ingredients:
1 large boneless chicken breast, about 250-300g or 9 to 10.5 oz
1 Tb Goya "Sazonador Total" seasoning or your favorite seasoning
2 Tsp liquid smoke
2 precooked bacon slices

Directions:
Cut a couple of shallow slices, or poke holes into to the thickest parts of the breast to help make sure the heat reaches through the entire piece.
Use a tiered steamer pot and add a couple of inches of water to the bottom of the pot, place the lid on the pot, and bring it to a boil.
While the water is heating to a boil, place the chicken breast into the steamer basket and sprinkle the top with the tablespoon of seasoning as well as the liquid smoke. Lastly top the chicken with the 2 slices of precooked bacon.
Once the water begins to boil, add the steamer basket of food, and replace the lid. When the water starts to make a noise inside the pot, turn the heat to low.
Allow the food to cook for about 5 to 6 minutes.
After 5 minutes, turn off heat and let the pot sit as is, with the lid on. It usually takes 10-15 minutes for the chicken to finish, depending in how big the breast is and whether or not you cut small slices in it.
Cut into the thickest part to make sure the chicken is cooked. If it's still too pink, recover pot and let sit for a few more minutes. (or steam for another 1 minute).
Once cooked through, it's ready to cut and enjoy!

Submitter: 
Courtney Lynn Hernandez
Description: 
This recipe is very simple. As with all recipes on my diet plan, I drink 1 cup of decaf or herbal tea for every 100 calories. There are about 204 calories in one cup of steamed boneless skinless chicken breast; therefore, I drink 2 cups of tea prior to consuming this chicken. Also, the bacon slices are used just for flavoring the chicken; therefore plan on setting aside the bacon for someone else once you have used it to flavor the chicken.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
4 min
Ready in:
25min
Number of servings: 
1
Nutritional Facts:
NA
