URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64652110/wake-me-up-breakfast-burritos/
Title:
Wake Me Up Breakfast Burritos Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 pound bulk Italian Sausage
2 Tbsps. vegetable oil
1/2 red bell pepper, diced small
1/2 green bell pepper, diced small
1/2 large onion, diced small
1-4.2 oz. carton Hungry Jack® Premium Hashbrowns, rehydrated as directed, and well drained 3/4 cup Herdez® Traditional Chipotle Mexican Cooking Sauce, or your favorite brand, as needed to taste
2 Tbsps. butter
7 eggs, beaten
4 pieces deli American cheese, broken into small pieces
salt and pepper, to taste
1 cup shredded cheddar cheese
8 burrito size flour tortillas, warmed according to package directions
1/2 cup sour cream, or to taste
1/2 cup guacamole, or to taste
1/2 cup salsa, or to taste

Directions:
In a large skillet, brown sausage over medium heat, crumbling into small pieces, until cooked through, about 8-10 minutes. Remove from skillet and set aside.
In same skillet, heat oil. Add peppers and onions and cook until onion becomes translucent, about 3-4 minutes.
Add hash browns and cook about 5 minutes more, until the potatoes are almost tender.
Add chipotle sauce and stir to coat the potatoes evenly.
Continue cooking until potatoes are tender and most of the sauce is soaked in, about another 4-5 minutes. Remove from pan and set aside.
In same skillet, melt 2 Tbsps. butter, until heated.
Add eggs, American cheese and some salt and pepper.
Cook eggs, moving around the pan often, until just set, about 5 minutes.
Add in sausage and potato mixture; stir to combine and heat through.
Season w/ more salt and pepper or more chipotle sauce, if desired.
TO ASSEMBLE BURRITOS:
Lay 1 tortilla out onto work surface.
Spoon about 1/2 cup egg mixture onto the center and top with 2 Tbsps. shredded cheddar cheese.
Fold in both sides of tortilla and roll to make a burrito.
Continue until all ingredients are used.
Serve with 2 Tbsps. each, sour cream, guacamole and salsa. Enjoy

Submitter: 
Christina
Description: 
These are so hearty and delicious! Serve these for breakfast, lunch or dinner...They will be a huge hit!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
