URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64659019/french-onion-chicken-thighs/
Title:
French Onion Chicken Thighs Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/4558375.jpg
Ingredients:
1/2 teaspoon of sugar
1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper
1 teaspoon salt (plus additional salt and pepper for seasoning)
Leaves from 2-3 fresh Thyme stems
1 bay leaf
2 tablespoons butter
1 tablespoons all-purchase flour
1x can French Onion Soup (for marinade, alternatively use leftover french onion soup)
2 large yellow onions, thinly sliced vertically
12oz beef stock
3 cloves garlic, minced
1/4 cup of vermouth, sherry, or white wine
5oz Gruyere cheese, freshly grated or shaved
1oz Parmesan cheese, freshly grated
4 large chicken thighs (~2lb or so)
8 tablespoons olive oil
French baguette (sliced into 1" pieces... between 8-12 total)
16oz fresh green beans, trimmed

Directions:
Use the contents of the French onion soup can (or leftovers) to marinate chicken (about 2-6 hours, flip over once half way through)
In a large pot/sauce pan(or dutch oven), heat 2 tablespoons of olive oil on medium heat (6/10). Add the onions and toss to coat with the olive oil. Stir often. If the butter is refrigerated, set it on the counter at this point to allow it to soften.
Increase stove to medium-high heat (7/10). Cook the onion, stirring often (about every 5 minutes or so), until it the onions have caramelized , about an hour (+/- 15 min). After the first 30 min, mix in 1 tbsp butter, and 1/2 teaspoon of salt, after 15 min min later, add another tbsp of olive oil and the sugar) . Allow to heat/stir until the onions are brown (caramelized) and a lot smaller than before.
Preheat oven to 375 degrees (F)
Add the minced garlic to the pot, stir and cook for a minute more.
Add 3 tbsp water to the pot 3 times, and scrape up the browned bits on the bottom and sides of the skillet (deglazing) each time, with a 3 minute break in between each deglaze, then pour more water (x3). Do it one more time using the vermouth/wine/sherry. Let sit for about 5 minutes. set to low heat.
Begin heating a separate skillet (or large, oven-safe pan) on medium-high heat with 2 tablespoons of olive oil, and (once the oil is heated), add the chicken (marinade strained/discarded, and season the thighs to taste with salt and pepper) and cook until browned (about 4-5 minutes skin side down, and 2-3 minutes skin side up). Temporarily set aside the chicken and drain out the fat. Add in green beans to skillet, season the green beans with salt and pepper, put the chicken back in, and cover with aluminum foil, and transfer skillet to oven for 35-40 minutes (until chicken is cooked through). Continue to next step while it's in the oven.
While the chicken is cooking, add the stock, 1/2 tsp salt, bay leaf, and thyme to the original pot and stir. Cover and bring to a simmer. increase to medium-high (7/10) heat. In a small bowl, mix 1 tbsp butter and 1 tbsp flour to create a beure marnie. Once simmering, whisk in the beure marnie and let simmer, covered, for 4 minutes or so. Remove cover from pot, find the bay leaf and throw it out, set to medium (6/10) heat, and let sit for 10-20 minutes, until sauce has about the desired thickness. Cover and set to low heat.
Brush remaining 3 tbsp olive oil on both sides of the baguette slices. Set on an oven safe pan or baking sheet.
Once chicken is cooked, remove skillet from oven, discard aluminum foil, and set the skillet on the stove on medium heat (5/10). Pour most of the contents of the pot/saucepan over the chicken and green beans. Place the baguette slices into the oven for 7 minutes, then flip over and

Submitter: 
TheElusivePastry
Description: 
I tried my best to combine two of my favorite things: French onion soup and chicken. Although this is not designed to be 'soupy', my intent is to have a chicken and veggie dish, cooked mainly in a skillet, with the essence and flavor of french onion soup.
This was my attempt at an original creation, so i make no claims that this is authentic French or whatever (it's not supposed to be!)
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
4 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
