URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64653034/alexanders-homemade-oreo-recipe/
Title:
ALEXANDER'S HOMEMADE OREO RECIPE Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
FOR THE COOKIES:
1 tablespoon vinegar
¼ cup milk
2 cups all-purpose flour
½ cup unsweetened cocoa
½ teaspoon baking soda
½ teaspoon salt
½ cup (1 stick) unsalted butter
1 cup granulated sugar
1 egg, at room temperature
½ teaspoon vanilla extract
FOR THE CREME FILLING:
1 cup (2 sticks) unsalted butter
1 teaspoon vanilla
5 cups powdered sugar
Milk or cream to thin, if needed

Directions:
STEP 1:
Combine the milk and vinegar in a small bowl and set to the side for the moment. It will curdle; don't panic.
In another bowl, sift together the flour, cocoa, baking soda, and salt. Set to the side.
STEP 2:
Cream the butter and sugar until light and fluffy. Add the egg, vanilla, and milk-vinegar mixture. Mix until incorporated.
STEP 3:
Add the dry mixture to the wet, and mix until combined into a thick dough.
STEP 4:
Divide the dough into two equal parts and roll each into a long log, about 2" in diameter.
Wrap the dough in plastic or waxed paper and refrigerate for at least 2 hours, or overnight.
STEP 5:
Near the end of your chilling period, preheat the oven to 350 F and line two baking sheets with parchment paper. Remove the dough from the refrigerator, and remove the plastic or waxed paper. Slice into thin (between 1/8" and 1/4") "coins" and place on parchment-lined baking sheets.
STEP 6:
Bake for 6-8 minutes; rotate the pans halfway through baking.
Note: If you prefer softer cookies (more Oreo Cakester style, say), err on the shorter end of the baking time, waiting for the cookies to appear barely "set" in the centers. Bake slightly longer for crispier cookies.
STEP 7:
Remove from the oven and let cool on the sheets for a few minutes before transferring to a wire rack to cool completely. Once fully cooled, pair up the cookies so that you have pairs of similarly sized cookies to make sandwiches.
STEP 8:
Make the creme filling. In the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, combine the butter, vanilla and 2 cups of the powdered sugar. Mix until creamy and combined. Add the remaining sugar, 1 cup at a time, until the mixture becomes quite thick — thicker than a typical buttercream, and more like dough in consistency. If at any point it feels too thick, you can thin with a small amount of milk or cream.
STEP 9:
Assemble the cookies! Have two cookies at the ready: one right-side up, and one with the bottom-side up.
I came up with a nifty trick to ensure that the filling has smooth edges like store-bought Oreos. Scoop a spoonful of the buttercream mixture out of the bowl. Using your hands, roll it into a little ball. Place the ball on top of the cookie with its bottom side up. Gently flatten the filling so that it fills out the area of the cookie. Press the second cookie on top, with the bottom facing the creme filling. Store these cookies, well wrapped, in a single layer at room temperature for 3-5 days, or freeze for up to 1 month.

Submitter: 
Alexander Petrie
Description: 
This recipe can become almost any variety!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
5 m
Ready in:
11-13 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
