URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64655732/alexanders-skittles-rainbow-ice-cream-dairy-free-gluten-free/
Title:
ALEXANDER'S SKITTLES RAINBOW ICE CREAM {DAIRY-FREE & GLUTEN-FREE} Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
¼ heaping cup of each color of the Skittles rainbow
5 cans coconut milk
1 cup powdered sugar
Optional:
1 Starburst candy in each color
Bite-size caramel chocolate candies for dipping

Directions:
Separate the 5 colors of the Skittles rainbow - remember, you need about ¼ cup of each color. Had to do this first--just couldn't wait...
To make the ice cream, open your coconut milk cans and scoop the thick cream part into a bowl, trying to get as little of the coconut water as possible. Discard coconut water or just set aside for chugging later, whatever.
Add the powdered sugar, food coloring and vanilla to the coconut cream.
Mix on high 2-3 minutes with a hand mixer until it becomes stiff and fluffy.
At this point, I stuck the ice cream in the freezer, in the bowl as-is, then started working on the rainbow-ness. But the thing is, I wouldn’t leave it in there for longer than an hour. So, if you have to leave it and come back, that’s fine, but just come back VERY SOON.
Pop each color of Skittles, individually, into your blender and crush those candies to a fine powder. This is going to be VERY loud, so cover your kiddo's ears.
Place the crushed candies in separate bowls until all of the candy is crushed.
Remove the ice cream from the freezer and put equal amounts of ice cream in each bowl with the crushed Skittles.
Stir each color until mixed thoroughly.
If you would like the color to be more intense, and corresponding 10-12 drops of food coloring at this juncture and stir until mixed thoroughly (this is what I did, but it is absolutely unnecessary unless you're rainbow-

Submitter: 
Alexander Petrie
Description: 
This recipe makes rainbow ice cream with skittles inside!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
1 h 15 min
Number of servings: 
5
Nutritional Facts:
NA
