URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64652900/bacon-egg-and-avocado-cheddar-burger/
Title:
Bacon, Egg and Avocado  Cheddar Burger Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1.5 pounds ground beef ( I prefer 80/20 )
1 TBS steak seasoning
2 TBS Worcestershire Sauce
4  large eggs
4 gourmet buns your choice.
3 TBS butter
8 slices thick cut bacon
4 large lettuce leaves
1/2 purple onion thinly sliced
2 avocado thinly sliced

Directions:
Combine the ground beef, steak seasoning and Worcestershire sauce in a large bowl.  Make sure you don't over mix.  Form into 4 patties and make a deep thumb print in the middle of each patty to keep the patties from shrinking up into a ball.
Slice the onion and avocado and prepare the lettuce, cover and set aside.
Butter each half of the buns.
Heat charcoal grill to medium high heat.
Meanwhile cook bacon in a heavy skillet until crisp and drain on paper towel.  Set aside keeping the grease in the skillet.
Grill patties for about 6 minutes on each side or until preferred doneness.  Top the patties with bacon and then the cheese to help hold the bacon to the patties.  Close grill lid for about a minute or until the cheese is melted.  Remove from grill.
Place buns butter side down on the grill until browned, about 1 minute.
Please each patty on the bottom half of buns.
Reheat the bacon grease over medium high heat.  Fry eggs in the grease for about 2 minutes until whites are cooked but the yolk is still runny.  Immediately place one egg on each patty.
Top with lettuce, onion and avocado.

Submitter: 
Love2cook32
Description: 
If you're craving a really juicy delicious burger that's packed with flavor and textures then this is the burger for you!  When you bite into this burger the burst of the egg yolk and the creaminess of the avocado with the crunchiness of the bacon sends this burger over the edge.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20
Ready in:
40
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
