URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64652183/buffalo-or-barbeque-chicken-and-rice-wraps/
Title:
Buffalo or Barbeque Chicken and Rice Wraps Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 cup Uncle Ben’s Whole Grain Brown Ready Rice
1 cup cooked chicken breast, shredded
¼ cup buffalo wing sauce (such as Franks®) or prepared barbeque sauce
½ cup cheddar cheese, shredded
½ cup lettuce, finely shredded
4 whole wheat flour tortillas (fajita size)
1 cup prepared low fat ranch dressing (such as Hidden Valley Light Ranch®), divided
Baby carrots and celery sticks

Directions:
Cook rice according to package directions; set aside.
In a bowl, combine shredded chicken and buffalo or barbeque sauce; set aside.
Place tortillas onto a microwave safe plate and cover with a damp paper towel.
Microwave on high, until warm, soft and pliable, about 20-30 seconds.
Place tortillas on flat work surface.
Evenly divide rice between all four tortillas (about ¼ cup each), spreading it out but leaving about ½ inch border all the way around.
Evenly spread the chicken mixture amongst all the tortillas (about ¼ cup per tortilla) on top of the rice.
Sprinkle about 2 Tablespoons of shredded cheddar cheese over chicken mixture.
Top each with about 2 Tablespoons of shredded lettuce.
Fold in the sides of the tortilla and begin to roll tightly; repeat for each wrap.
Cut in half, diagonally if eating right away, or wrap in foil and refrigerate until ready to serve.
Serve each tortilla wrap with about ¼ cup ranch dressing for dipping and baby carrots and celery sticks.

Submitter: 
Christina
Description: 
Pre-cooked shredded chicken and Uncle Ben’s Whole Grain Brown Ready Rice combine with basic pantry ingredients that most of us have on hand to create a super quick, easy and healthy kid friendly wrap that even the pickiest of eaters will love. Enjoy! :)
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
