URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64652018/spicy-college-kid-chicken-noodle-soup/
Title:
Spicy College-Kid Chicken & Noodle Soup Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 can cooked chicken
1 carton (or 2 cans) chicken broth
seasoned pepper
cayenne pepper
dried parseley (the stuff that comes in a spice can)
Italian seasoning
3/4 of a package of pasta (I prefer La Moderna shells, which are the most delicious pasta ever and are only 50 cents a pack at Walmart.  You have to get them from the Mexican food section.)
1/2 stick celery (optional) or celery salt (optional)
chopped up carrots, be they canned or otherwise (optional, but I really don't like them)

Directions:
Pour the chicken broth into a pot and turn it on high heat.
Add in the cubed chicken.
Fill the old can about 1/4 inch full of water and kind of slosh it around.  Dump it in the pot to get all the little chicken bits and fat out, and to make up for water you will lose when it boils.
Sprinkle some seasoned pepper into the broth.  Bend down and smell it (if you can!).  Keep adding pepper until it smells just a little spicy - don't put in more than like 1/4 of a teaspoon.
Sprinkle in just a TINY sprinkle of cayenne.  Like, seriously, angle the cannister over the pot,
and give it a little baby tap, just enough so that you can see a little bit of red on top of the broth.(Alternatively, use less seasoned pepper and more cayenne.)  DEFINITELY USE LESS THAN 1/8 TEASPOON OF CAYENNE.
Sprinkle in some Italian seasoning until is smells good.  I use a little less than 1/8 of a teaspoon.
If you like celery, cut some up into whatever size chunks suit you, and toss it in the pot.  I'm not big on celery, so I only use like half a stick, and I cut it in about 1/2 inch chunks so I can pick it out if I don't feel like eating it.  But you do you. If I am SUPER broke and don't have any real celery, I sprinkle in a dash of celery salt.
If you like carrots (and I don't) put a very small amount of carrots in.  It takes very little to overpower the broth!  I wouldn't even recommend carrots, but some people insist that chicken noodle soup has to have them, so again - you do you.
Now, wait until the pot reaches a rolling boil, i.e. giant bubbles are coming up from the center of the pot and it's making a "blub blub blub" noise.  Stir it, just to make sure your chicken isn't sticking to the bottom of the pot, and then dump in your noodles.
If it's looking a little crowded in there, dump in like 1/3 cup of water.
Stir the pot after like 2 minutes, and then after another 5 to keep the noodles from sticking.  After that, you should be golden, and only need to stir every fifteen.
Keep checking on the pot every so often until the noodles are big and soft.
Note: If you're late for class (and I always am!), you can grab a bowl even before the noodles are cooked soft, and as the broth cools, they will expand in the pot and in your bowl/thermos.
If they suck up too much broth, you didn't use enough water for the amount of noodles you put in.  You can add more water to the hot pot on the stove to fix this. In a pinch, you can just add some water and microwave your serving, but it's just not as good as doing it right the first time.

Submitter: 
Cynthia Dickerson
Description: 
This is a quick, cheap, and easy recipe for chicken noodle soup that will clear your sinuses and get you through finals!  You can do it with literally no cooking know-how.  The seasoned pepper and cayenne really clear your sinuses, and are guaranteed to give you at least two hours of clear breathing, no matter how bad your cold.  And, most importantly, it's cheap!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
5
Ready in:
45 m
Number of servings: 
5
Nutritional Facts:
NA
