URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64653676/iranian-shrimp-stew/
Title:
Iranian Shrimp Stew Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 tbsp ginger paste
7 cloves garlic
1 large tomato
1 chili pepper
2 tbsp tamarind
2 tbsp flour
1 cup water
3 tbsp oil
1 large onion
1 kg shrimps, peeled and deveined
1 medium tomato, diced
1 chili pepper, chopped
2 tbsp tomato paste
1 dried lime, whole
1/2 tbsp turmeric powder
1/2 tbsp black pepper
1/2 tbsp dried lime, powder
1/2 cup cilantro, finely chopped
2 cups water, boiled hot
Salt, to taste

Directions:
Prepare vegetables mix in a mixer adding ginger, garlic, one large tomato, and one chili pepper. Set aside.
Prepare the tamarind-flour mix by soaking tamarind in 1 cup water for 15 minutes, then by hand rub the tamarind to loosen the seeds. Add flour and mix well. Using a sieve or a cheesecloth, filter the mix and get rid of the residue. Set aside.
In a deep pot, on a medium-high heat the oil, saute the onions until golden.
Add the shrimps, mix with the onions saute until the shrimps change color and you start hearing hissing of the oil.
Add the vegetables mix to the pot, plus one diced medium tomato, one chopped chili pepper, tomato paste, and one whole dried lime.
Add the spices: turmeric, black pepper, dried lime powder. Add cilantro and two cups of boiled water. Add the tamarind-flour and mix the ingredients well.
Bring to a boil, the reduce to low-medium heat. Let simmer for 45 minutes. If required add more hot water.
Add salt and let simmer again for 15 minutes. Serve with white rice.

Submitter: 
Dorudgar
Description: 
This dish comes from Bushehr province south of Iran, processing Persian Gulf's tasty shrimps into an aromatic and delicious stew.
Persian Gulf states' and provinces' cuisine is impacted by Indian cuisine; therefore one could see the similarity between the spirit of both cuisines.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20
Ready in:
110
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
