URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64652039/alexanders-homemade-cannoli/
Title:
Alexander's Homemade Cannoli Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
For the Shells:
2 cups all purpose flour
1 teaspoon cinnamon
1 tablespoon sugar
2 tablespoons shortening
1/2 teaspoon table salt
3/4 cup Marsala wine
1 egg white to seal edges
canola oil for frying
For the Filling:
15 oz. whole milk ricotta
8 oz. mascarpone cheese
1 1/4 cup powdered sugar
1 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon
1 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract
1/2 cup mini chocolate chips

Directions:
Add the flour, cinnamon, sugar, salt, and shortening to the bowl of a food processor. Pulse a few times until the shortening is well incorporated.
With the processor running, slowly pour the wine into the "chute" or tube of the processor until the dough forms into the shape of a ball. The ball will spin around the bowl and the processor will make all sorts of crazy noises. It's ready!
Transfer the dough to a bowl, cover with plastic wrap, and rest at room temperature for 1-2 hours.
While the dough is resting, transfer the ricotta to a strainer lined with a paper towel. Set over a bowl, cover with plastic wrap, and allow to strain in the fridge for 1-2 hours.
Turn the dough onto a floured surface and cut in half. Cover one half with plastic wrap. The other half, use a rolling pin to roll very thin, rotating and flipping the dough to ensure it does not stick to the surface.
Use a 3-4" cookie cutter or bottom of a glass to cut out circles. Form a circle over a cannoli mold, using egg white to seal the edge.
*If the dough is pulling away from the mold, give it a gentle roll with the rolling pin to make it thinner/bigger to shape over the mold.
Once you have a few molds ready, add enough oil to cover 2" of a skillet or heavy bottom pot (like a Dutch oven). Heat to medium high heat (350 degrees). Once hot, use a tong to transfer the cannoli to the oil seal-side down. You want this part to crisp first to maintain its shape.
Fry 1-2 minutes on each side, rotating with a long, until golden brown. Bubbles will start to form on the shells which are what you want.
Transfer to a paper-towel lined baking sheet and repeat with the remaining dough.
Once the shells are cooked and cooled, make the filling. Add the ricotta to a large bowl and whisk a few times to break up any lumps. Add the mascarpone, vanilla, powdered sugar, and cinnamon. Mix with a spatula until combined. Fold in chocolate chips or any other desired flavoring.
Once ready to serve, add the cream to a pastry bag or zip lock bag. Snip off the end and fill shells. I wouldn't do this too far in advance as you do not want your shells to become soggy.
Drizzle with melted chocolate if desired and sprinkle with powdered sugar. Enjoy!
Form over the cannoli mold using the egg white to seal the edges. If the dough is not big enough for the mold, give it one more roll with the rolling pin.

Submitter: 
Alexander Petrie
Description: 
This recipe makes a lot of sweet cannolis!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1.5-2.5 h
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
