URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64651540/cindys-paleo-sweet-and-spicy-wings/
Title:
Cindy's Paleo Sweet and Spicy WIngs Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/4540265.jpg
Ingredients:
2 pounds chicken wings
Salt and Pepper
1/2 cup Olive Oil
1/4 cup white vinegar
1 1/2 teaspoon freshly grated ginger
1 garlic clove, minced
1 teaspoon crushed Red Pepper
1/2 cup organic raw honey
3 tablespoons coconut aminos
1/2 teaspoon chili powder
1 1/2 teaspoon dijon mustard
Ingredients for dipping Sauce
1 1/2 tablespoon Sriracha Sauce
1/2 cup organic raw honey
2 tablespoons coconut aminos
2 teaspoons dijon mustard
1 teaspoon freshly grated ginger
2 scallions, chopped

Directions:
Take the wings out of the package and pat with a paper towel, season both sides lightly with salt and pepper and set aside.
Take a large bowl or medium baking dish and set a large zip lock baggie opened. Combine all the ingredients right into the bag then add in wings. Secure the bag and use your hands to massage the chicken to coat evenly.
Place in the refrigerator and marinate a minimum of one hour or even overnight. Keep the bag in the bowl just in case there is a leak! You don’t want the mixture going all over your refrigerator.
When ready to cook preheat oven to 425 degrees. Remove drumettes from the marinade and place on a foil lined baking sheet brushed with oil.
Evenly set the wings on the baking sheet so they are not touching. Brush generously with the leftover marinade. Cook in the oven for 40 minutes, or until deep golden brown, rotating the tray half way through.
Dipping Sauce Directions: In a medium bowl whisk all of the above ingredients together! Dip your wings.. YUM

Submitter: 
Cindy Anschutz Barbieri
Description: 
I have a couple of wing recipes. I seem to be testing a few of them lately and can’t stop eating them. This is a Paleo Recipe you can enjoy anytime!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
