URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64650315/the-worlds-greatest-carrot-cake-recipe-ever/
Title:
The World’s Greatest Carrot Cake Recipe EVER Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1½ Cups white sugar
½ Cup oil
3 eggs
¾ Cup sour milk (Put 1 tsp lemon juice in your measuring cup and then fill to ¾ cup with milk, let sit for 3-5 minutes)
2 Tsp vanilla
2 Cups flour (I did one cup whole wheat and one cup all-purpose)
2½ Tsp cinnamon
2 Tsp baking soda
½ Tsp salts
2 Cup finely shredded carrot (Don’t do the big shred or they will still be a little crunchy even after cooking)
1 Cup crushed pineapple, don’t drain
1 Cup shredded coconut
½ Cup walnuts, plus more for garnish on frosted cake if desired
1 Cup raisins (optional) (I do not add raisins)
Cream Cheese Frosting
2 (8oz) packages of cream cheese, softened
1/2 Cup butter, softened
2 Cups powdered sugar
1 Tsp vanilla

Directions:
1. Preheat oven to 350 and grease and flour two circle cake pans. (Line your pans with waxed paper to make them come out nice and perfect).
2. In your mixer or with a hand mixer, combine sugar, oil, eggs, and milk. Mix well.
3. Add vanilla and mix until combined
4. Add flour, cinnamon, baking soda and salt and mix until combined.
5. Next fold in the carrots, nuts, coconut, pineapple, and raisins (if using). Fold them in until they are evenly distributed throughout the cake.
6. Pour half of the batter into each cake pan.
7. Bake at 350 for 45-50 minutes or until toothpick comes out clean from the center of the cake.
8. Let cool completely before frosting.
Cream Cheese Frosting:
1. Combine all ingredients in a mixer or use your hand mixer and mix until smooth.
2. Spread a thin layer on one of the cakes and then place the other on top. Use the rest of the frosting to cover the cake.
3.You can also do a crumb layer first so you don’t get pieces of cake in the frosting. To do a crumb layer, just use a tiny amount of frosting and go over the whole cake. Put it in the fridge or freezer for about 20 minutes or until the frosting is set.
4. Take it out and frost it as you normally would. This layer helps seal in crumbs so they won’t show in your final product.
5. If desired, use nuts to decorate your cake after frosting it.
Notes:
1. For more flavor, try toasting the nuts and coconut before adding them to the batter.
2. If you like macadamia nuts, you can add them to your recipe as well.
3. Cool your cake completely before frosting.

Submitter: 
Alexander Petrie
Description: 
This simple yet amazing recipe makes a perfect carrot cake!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
7 m
Ready in:
52-57 m
Number of servings: 
30
Nutritional Facts:
NA
