URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64656625/pressure-cooker-green-posole/
Title:
Pressure Cooker Green Posole Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/4552188.jpg
Ingredients:
1 ½ pounds of   pork butt / pork shoulder or chicken
2 – 28 oz. cans of Mexican style hominy
1 16 oz. jar Salsa Verde ( I like Herdez )
1 – 15 oz. can of chicken broth
½ teaspoon baking soda
1 head of garlic
1 tablespoon Chicken Base or Pork / Ham Base
2 tablespoons tequila or white wine (optional)
1 teaspoon dried ground coriander
1 teaspoon dried ground cumin
1 teaspoon ground Chipotle pepper ( you may want to leave this out or cut down the amount if children will be eating this. )
½ teaspoon coarsely ground pepper

Directions:
Dice the pork into 1" cubes  Pat the meat  dry with a paper towel. Sprinkle  1/2 teaspoon  of baking soda on the meat.
Preheat your electric pressure cooker on the sear setting or your skillet over high heat, add a thin coat of oil in the pan, and then brown the meat on all sides.
Remove the meat and set aside. Add you onion, coriander, ground cumin, chipotle pepper and coarsely ground black pepper. Saute for about 3 - 5 min.
Pour the canned hominy into the colander. Rinse thoroughly with cold water.
Add the meat back in the pot. Add the chicken broth, chicken base or ham base, tequila or white wine, peeled garlic, hominy and salsa verde.
Lock the pressure cooker lid. Pressure cook for 10 MINUTES at HIGH PRESSURE (10 PSI)  When the timer beeps, turn off the machine and allow it to depressurize naturally. When the lock is released, remove the lid and give the posole a quick stir.
Garnish with your choice of avocado, lime, finely shredded cabbage, jalapeno slices,  cilantro and radish slices.

Submitter: 
bcobb35
Description: 
Mexican soup made with either pork or chicken including white hominy, Salsa verde and fragrant mexican spices. Their are many different garnishes that you can use with this dish. Avocado, lime, raw cabbage, radishes and cilantro.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
