URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64656396/alexanders-rib-sandwich-you-will-never-be-able-to-forget-or-resist/
Title:
Alexander's rib sandwich you will never be able to forget or resist! Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 stick, unsalted butter, room temperature
1 1/2 teaspoons garlic, very finely minced
1 1/2 teaspoons shallot, peeled and very finely minced
2 tablespoons flat leaf parsley, minced
Kosher salt and fresh ground pepper
For the ribs:
4	meaty well marbled short ribs, flanken style
1	tablespoon grape seed oil
2	cups yellow onion, julienned
2	bay leaves
2	cups beef stock
2	French baguettes, cut into 4 six inch portions
Kosher salt and fresh ground black pepper

Directions:
When you are cooking a cut of meat like a short rib there is a temperature and time line that needs to be crossed in order for the meat to become tender. It is, what I call when the collagen relaxes. When this happens the meat becomes succulent and tender and really cooking it any longer than is necessary is only detrimental to the beef itself leaving if void of precious fat which is why you are cooking this piece of meat in the first place (because you like the taste of the fat.) I have really come to like the taste of the rib cut itself as well and if you are going to spend the money on a free range organic grass feed cut then you really should want to taste it and not bury it under loads of strong tasting sauce. Using a sharp knife cut the ribs between the bones into square pieces. They should be about 2 1/2 inches square. Salt the ribs liberally on all sides and let them rest until it is dissolved. You can also let the ribs sit uncovered in the fridge overnight after salting them. Preheat the oven to 275 degrees. Heat the grape seed oil over high heat in a 3 1/2 quart Dutch oven. When it is hot add the ribs and really sear them on all sides until they are a deep brown. Sear them on all sides and adjust the heat as necessary to keep the fond from burning. When all the sides are brown remove the pot from the heat. Place the ribs onto a sheet of foil and wrap them tightly but carefully making sure not to let the bones poke holes in the foil. Set the foil on a tray. Put the ribs into the oven and set a timer for 2 hours and 15 minutes. Empty the pot of excess oil but don't clean it. Place it over medium heat and add the onions. Cook the onions until they start to caramelize. Add the bay leaves and stock. Season with a salt and lots of pepper and bring the jus to a boil. Reduce the heat and let it simmer. Combine all the ingredients for the butter in a bowl and mix it well with a rubber spatula. Season it with salt and pepper and mix again. When the timer goes off remove the ribs and unwrap them. The bones should be exposed and the meat should cut easily. So slice off a sliver and give it a try. Is it succulent and tender if so you are ready to go if not put it back into the oven for another 30 to 40 minutes.Remove the ribs. Let them rest covered. Turn the oven up to 400 degrees. Cut the loaves in half length wise and smear a good swab of butter on the interior side of each half of the loaf. Set each half, butter side up, on a sheet tray. Toast the loaves in the oven until the edges just start to color and the butter is all melty and aromatic. While the bread is toasting remove the bones from the ribs. Slice the ribs against the grain into very thin pieces. Divide into equal portions and pile them onto the toasted bread.

Submitter: 
Alexander Petrie
Description: 
This recipe makes everyone who smells it want it!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
5 m
Ready in:
35 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
