URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64657176/aunt-sallys-mac-n-cheese/
Title:
Aunt Sally's Mac n Cheese Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 lb. elbow macaroni
1/2 C. butter
1/3 C. flour
16 oz. Velvetta (I prefer extra-cheddar) cut into 1 inch cubes
8 oz. cream cheese, cut into 1 inch cubes
2 C. chicken broth (made from bouillon cubes)
3 C. whole milk
3 C. crushed seasoned croutons or crushed Ritz crackers

Directions:
Cook the elbow noodles until al dente.  Drain and rinse with cool water and set colander aside while you prepare the rest of the ingredients.
In a large sauce pan melt the butter over medium heat.  When the butter is melted, add the flour and whisk until a soft paste forms.
Add the chicken broth to the flour mixture and bring to gentle simmer, whisking the whole time.
Stir in the Velveeta and the cream cheese and melt them in the broth.
Add the salt, pepper and paprika.
Next, bring the cheesy sauce to a simmer and as it thickens add milk in 1/2 C. increments.  You may not need all of the milk.
What you are looking for is a creamy consistency that is not too thick.  The sauce should be the consistency of cream of mushroom soup.
Allow the cheese sauce to cool to room temperature.  Stir occasionally to prevent a "skin" from forming on top.
Spray two  9 x 13" or two oval large casserole dishes with PAM nonstick spray.
Divide the cooked elbow noodles evenly into each dish.
Pour the cheesy sauce, divided evenly, over each casserole.  Gently stir until the noodles are covered
Seal with foil and bake for 30 minutes in a 350 degree oven.
After 30 minutes CAREFULLY remove the foil.
Sprinkle the crushed croutons evenly over the casseroles and bake an additional 15 minutes until bubbly and slightly browned.

Submitter: 
Sally Anne
Description: 
Allowing the ingredients to cool before mixing them all together, makes the recipe extra-creamy
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
25
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
NA
