URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64650153/apple-cinnamon-toaster-strudels/
Title:
Apple Cinnamon Toaster Strudels Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Crust:
1.1 lb puff pastry (I used this recipe, store-bought would also work)
1 egg, lightly beaten (for egg wash)
Filling:
2 baking apples, peeled and cored (I used Gala)
3 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, divided
1/2 cup packed dark brown sugar
1 tablespoon all-purpose flour
2 teaspoons freshly squeezed lemon juice
1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon
pinch kosher salt
Icing:
4 oz cream cheese
1 cup confectioners’ sugar
1 teaspoon vanilla extract

Directions:
To make the filling: Grate the apples on the large holes of a box grater. Set a medium saucepan over medium heat and add 2 tablespoons of the butter. Once it’s melted, add the apples and stir to coat. Mix in the brown sugar, flour, lemon juice, cinnamon, and salt. Cook for about 10 minutes, stirring often until the mixture cooks down and is thick and syrupy. Remove the pan from the heat and stir in the final tablespoon of butter until completely incorporated. Allow the filling to cool completely.
Preheat oven to 375 F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.
To assemble:
Unfold one sheet of puff pastry (if you’re using the homemade, cut the dough into 2 equal portions – you’ll use each half as if it were one sheet of store-bought). Place on a lightly floured work surface and roll into a large, thin rectangle that measures slightly larger than 10×14 inches. Trim the edges to make the sides of the rectangle even, then cut the dough into 8 equal rectangles, each 3 1/2 x 5-inches.
Move 4 of the rectangles to the prepared baking sheet. Top each of them with about 2 tablespoons of the cooled apple filling – be sure to leave a small border (roughly 1/2-inch) around the outside edge so you’ll be able to seal them. Brush the remaining 4 rectangles on one side with the egg wash. With the egg washed side facing the filling, place one egg washed a piece of dough over a filled piece of dough. Press along the edges to seal completely. Repeat to complete all 4 of the pastries. Use a fork to dock the strudels all over, including on the edges.
Repeat the process with the second sheet of puff pastry and the remaining filling (you may need a second baking sheet to fit all of the strudels).
Bake for 30-35 minutes, or until the strudels are golden brown and puffy. Remove the baking sheets to wire racks and allow to cool for at least minutes before topping with the icing.
To make the icing: Beat the cream cheese, confectioners’ sugar, and vanilla together with a hand mixer in a medium bowl until smooth and fluffy. Transfer the icing to a pastry bag or small resealable plastic bag. Cut off one of the corners then drizzle over the strudels. These are at their best served slightly warm, but still very good at room temperature.
Makes 8 strudels

Submitter: 
Alexander Petrie
Description: 
{Note: if you decide to make homemade puff pastry, you’ll only need half of the recipe I link to below. I make a whole batch and freeze the second half.}
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
about 10 min
Ready in:
40-45 mins
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
