URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64657375/oatmeal-apple-praline-cake/
Title:
Oatmeal Apple Praline Cake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/4554004.jpg
Ingredients:
1 1/4 cups boiling water
1 cup quick cooking oats
1 1/3 cups all purpose flour
.8 oz package (small box) Jell-O vanilla pudding (dry)
1 teaspoon baking soda
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
2 teaspoons ground cinnamon
1/2 teaspoon ground cloves
1/2 teaspoon ground allspice
1/2 cup butter
1 cup packed brown sugar
1 cup white sugar
2 eggs or 1/2 cup Eggbeaters substitute
1 medium or large Granny Smith apple, peeled, cored and diced into small pieces
1 cup shredded coconut
Topping:
1/2 cup butter
1 cup packed brown sugar
4 tablespoons reduced fat coconut milk (or evaporated or 1% milk)
1 cup shredded coconut
1 cup pecans

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees Fahrenheit.
Grease and flour 9x13" pan.
Place oats in a bowl and pour boiling water over oats. Set aside.
Sift together flour, dry vanilla pudding, soda, salt, cinnamon, cloves and allspice in a small mixing bowl. Set aside.
Cream with a mixer the 1/2 cup of butter, 1 cup of brown sugar,  1 cup of white sugar and eggs one at a time until fluffy.
Stir flour and coconut into creamed mixture until blended, then stir in softened oats and apple dices until well blended. Do not over mix.
Pour batter into pan.
Bake at 350 degrees for 35-40 minutes until lightly browned and set on top and toothpick or knife inserted in center comes out clean. Do not overbake.
While cake is baking, in a medium saucepan, melt the butter and continue boiling on medium to high heat stirring constantly until the butter begins to brown.
Turn heat to low and stir in the brown sugar and milk until well blended, then  stir in the coconut and pecans until blended.
Remove pan from heat.
Remove cake from oven when done baking and immediately spread the brown sugar and butter mixture over the cake.
Change oven to broil and move rack to one of the top two shelves.
Put cake back in oven and broil for 2 minutes approximately 2-4 inches away from the broiler until the topping bubbles and browns, but does not burn.
Remove pan from oven. Let brown sugar and butter topping absorb into cake before serving - approximately 10 minutes.

Submitter: 
homemade mama
Description: 
Delicious oatmeal spice cake with apples, coconut and praline topping
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
25
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
NA
