URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64653311/green-bean-casserole/
Title:
Green Bean Casserole Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Ingredients
3 pounds fresh green beans, trimmed, blanched and well drained
4 ounces slivered almonds
Fustini’s Cream of Mushroom Soup, see recipe below
4-5 shallots, thinly sliced
Flour
Salt and White Pepper
Vegetable oil for frying
Cream of Mushroom Soup
Ingredients
2 tablespoon Fustini’s Herbs de Provence Olive Oil
2 tablespoons butter
24 ounces mushrooms, sliced
1 shallot, minced
3 tablespoons flour
2 cups chicken stock
1-2 cups whole milk
Salt and Pepper
Pinch of nutmeg
Chopped parsley

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350°F.  Combine the green beans and slivered almonds in a large bowl. Add the cream of mushroom soup, stirring to combine and pour into a baking dish.  Bake in the preheated oven until brown and bubbly, approximately 15 to 20 minutes.  Heat the vegetable oil to 350°F.  Season the flour with salt and white pepper.  Toss the sliced shallots in the flour and shake off any excess.  Fry the shallots in batches in the hot oil until golden brown, 2 to 3 minutes.  Remove from the oil and drain on paper towels.  Sprinkle the fried shallots over the top of the baked casserole and serve immediately.
Cream of Mushroom directions:
Preparation
Heat the Fustini’s Herbs de Provence Olive Oil in a large stock pot over medium heat, and then add the butter.  When the butter is melted, add the mushrooms and stir to combine.  When the mushrooms are beginning to sweat, add the shallot and continue to cook until most of the liquid has come out of the mushrooms and has evaporated, about 12 to 15 minutes.  Add the flour and continue cooking, stirring continuously until the flour has been absorbed and cooked through, 5 to 8 minutes.  Add the chicken stock and stir thoroughly.  Add one cup of milk and let come to a simmer over low heat.  Reserve the last cup of milk in case the soup is too thick.  Season the soup with salt and pepper, nutmeg, and chopped fresh parsley, and reserve.

Submitter: 
Priscilla Grief Sanders
Description: 
Thanksgiving
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
5
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
