URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64651548/italian-antipasto-platter/
Title:
Italian Antipasto Platter Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/4540275.jpg
Ingredients:
1/4 pound of each:
Hard Salami (sliced in half)
Prosciutto (rolled tightly)
Mortadella (sliced in half and rolled)
Capacolla (hot or sweet)
Pepperoni
-----------------------------------------------
1 can of Italian anchovy filets, drained
3 hard-boiled eggs
1 roasted red pepper or 3 slices out of a jar (patted dry)
2 stalks of celery, cut into small pieces
Sicilian sweet green olives (or your favorite)
1 small jar of marinated mushrooms, drained
jar of marinated artichoke hearts, drained
Small container of pepperocini peppers (or any favorite peppers or stuffed peppers)
Fresh basil for garnish
Olive oil to drizzle

Directions:
Arrange the meats in rolls onto a large serving platter – my suggestion is:
Mortadella first around the entire platter, then do a row of rolled prosciutto, then a row of salami – fit some in between the prosciutto, a row of the capoacolla, then pepperoni. The next row is a mix of the roasted red peppers, mushrooms and celery, Arrange the celery, mushrooms, artichoke hearts and peppers in small piles in the center of the plate.
Spread the anchovies on the top. Slice the eggs into quarters and add to the middle mixture then top with olives.
This can be made the morning before you guests arrive.
Garnish with fresh basil or other herbs and drizzle with olive oil before serving.
Tip: For the perfect boiled egg. Take a pot and fill half way with water, bring to a boil, remove from heat, add in eggs and set time for 12 minutes.

Submitter: 
Cindy Anschutz Barbieri
Description: 
Antipasto (plural antipasti) means before the meal and is the traditional first course of a formal Italian meal. Traditional antipasto includes cured meats, olives, peperoncini, mushrooms, anchovies, artichoke hearts, various cheeses (such as provolone or mozzarella), pickled meats, and vegetables in oil or vinegar. You can really add your favorite ingredients to make it your own and you guests will just love it!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
