URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64650724/easy-pizza-crusts/
Title:
Easy Pizza Crusts Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/4543700.jpg
Ingredients:
2 cups lukewarm water (barely warm to the touch)
1 tablespoon (1 pkg.) active dry yeast (fast-rising or regular, it makes no difference)
2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil (more for oiling the bowl for rising and to coat the sheet pans)
6 cups bread flour (all purpose is fine as well)
1 1/2 tablespoons kosher salt

Directions:
Dissolve the yeast in the warm water and add the olive oil. Combine the dry ingredients and add them to the bowl. Mix and knead using the dough hook for your stand mixer or with a fork and then kneading by hand on a lightly-floured surface for about 8 minutes.  Place in an oiled bowl, turn to coat, and allow to rise for about an hour and 15 minutes.
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees.
You can use the dough to make as many pizzas of whatever shape appeals to you. I divide it into three equal pieces and spread it out into oiled, round pizza pans. If it shrinks back from the edges and is hard to spread, simply leave it at room temperature for 5-15 minutes and try again. Once spread out, prick all over with a fork to keep it from bubbling up while baking. I bake each one separately for 8 minutes. If you bake two or more at the same time, or make fewer or more crusts,  you'll want to alter the time slightly. Do not bake all the way done. Cool on wire racks, then freeze or top with your favorite ingredients and enjoy!

Submitter: 
Tim Wilkerson
Description: 
These crusts are easy to make and every bit as good, if not better, than store-bought crusts! A real budget saver, too! If you keep your favorite toppings on hand, you can have your own homemade pizza ready in much less time than anyone can deliver  one to you. I use this recipe to make three large crusts. We usually use one right away and freeze the other two, topped or not, for later. 

These are half-baked: top them however you like, then bake in a preheated oven at 400 degrees for 15-20 minutes, right on the oven rack for a crispy crust, on an oiled sheet pan for a chewy, bready one.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
85 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
