URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64650226/chicken-chow-mein-on-the-go/
Title:
Chicken Chow Mein On The Go Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/4537568.jpg
Ingredients:
1 pound boneless skinless chicken breast, cubed
1 medium egg
4 teaspoons cornstarch,divided
1 tablespoon sesame oil
12 ounce bag Chinese egg noodles
2 tablespoons vegetable oil, divided
3 cups of your choice of vegetables cut into stir-fry size pieces. (Suggested combination of vegetables include water chestnuts, bell pepper, mushrooms, green onions, broccoli, carrots, bean sprouts, snap peas, bamboo shoots, and baby corn.)
2 tablespoons cold water
1 cup chicken broth
3 tablespoons soy sauce
3 tablespoons oyster sauce
Get creative when it comes to filling the rest of your bento box. I used mini egg rolls, seaweed chips, crunchy chow mein noodles, snow peas, and grapes.

Directions:
Mix chicken, egg, 2 teaspoons cornstarch, and sesame oil in a bowl.
Bring a large pot of water to a boil and cook noodles over high heat 4 minutes or until soft. Drain and rinse under cold water to stop the cooking.
Heat 1 tablespoon of vegetable oil in a wok over high heat. Add vegetables and stir-fry 3 minutes or until soft. Transfer vegetables to a bowl using a slotted spoon.
Add the remaining vegetable oil to the wok. Add chicken and stir-fry 5 minutes or until no longer pink. Transfer chicken to a bowl using a slotted spoon.
Mix the remaining cornstarch and water in a bowl until smooth and add to wok. Add chicken broth, soy sauce, and oyster sauce, and cook over medium heat 3 minutes or until sauce starts to thicken.
Add vegetables and chicken back to the wok and stir until sauce is evenly distributed. Turn off heat and let stand 3 minutes. Serve over noodles.

Submitter: 
Soup Loving Nicole
Description: 
There is no need to order Chinese take-out when you can make this easy version at home. The best part is that it is custom to you and the vegetables you like.  Leftovers re-heat nicely making this perfect for work lunch.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
30 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
