URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64659025/bone-in-chicken-teriyaki-skillet/
Title:
Bone-In Chicken Teriyaki Skillet Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/4558387.jpg
Ingredients:
Main ingredients:
10 oz [store bought] teriyaki marinade
4-5 chicken thighs (bone in... about 2lb)
1 large yellow onion, diced or thinly sliced
3 cups white rice (rinsed/drained 4x times or so, until water runs clear)
2 carrots, finely chopped
1 celery stalk, finely chopped
1 bunch broccoli (~1/2 lb, stems removed and chopped into 1 to 2" pieces)
1 red bell pepper, chopped/seeded
2 sprigs green onion (finely chopped)
3 cloves garlic, minced
8oz chicken stock
1/2 tsp salt
1/4 tsp black pepper, freshly ground
2 tbsp butter
1 tablespoon sesame seeds
3 tbsp olive oil
1/2 cup all-purpose flour
Teriyaki sauce ingredients:
1/2 cup soy sauce
1/2 cup mirin
2 tbsp fresh ginger, finely grated
2 cloves of garlic, finely minced
1/2 cup brown sugar
3 tbsp cup honey
2 tbsp cornstarch
2 tbsp cold water

Directions:
Place chicken thighs in a large plastic bag (or container for marinade) with the store bought teriyaki marinade. Allow to sit in fridge for 2-6 hours, flipping half way through.
In a large, deep, oven-safe pan, heat 2 tablespoons of olive oil on medium-high heat (7/10). Add the onions to the skillet and toss to coat. Increase the heat a bit, and stir often for 15 minutes. Mix in 1 tbsp of butter, and stir often for another 15 minutes. While waiting for the onions to finish, preheat oven to 400 degrees (f) and prepare heating 3 cups of rice in a rice cooker. Once the onions are about ready (brownish), add the 3 cloves minced garlic, and 1/2 tsp salt to the skillet. Stir and let cook for another minute. Set skillet to low heat.
Once the onions are just about ready, strain the marinated chicken thighs to remove marinade and place the flour in a dish or bowl. Dredge the chicken in the flour and place all chicken thighs skin-side down into a separate large pan/skillet. Allow to brown, 3-4 minutes on the skin side, and then flip over and allow to cook for 1-2 minutes on the other side. Your goal here is to not let the chicken skin stick to the bottom of the pan. Set the chicken onto a separate plate once browned. Remove chicken and set aside. Put the skillet into the dishwasher/sink, as it wont be needed anymore.
Remove the rice from the rice cooker and transfer to the skillet with the onions. Mix in the remaining 1 tbsp of butter. Add in the chicken stock and stir (scraping up any brown bits).
Mix in the carrots, celery, bell pepper, and broccoli to the top of the rice. Sprinkle with black pepper.
Re-add the chicken (skin side up) to pan/skillet, and cover the oven safe-pan/skillet (i use aluminum foil) and place into the oven for 30 minutes or so. Remove cover and cook for an additional 10-15 minutes, or until chicken is fully cooked.
While chicken is in the oven, prepare teriyaki sauce. Thoroughly mix all teriyaki sauce ingredients (except for the cornstarch and water) into a pot and begin heating on medium-high/heat. Mix cornstarch and cold water into a cup or bowl and dissolve. Add to sauce in pan and mix well. Heat until sauce thickens to desired thickness (about 10-20 minutes), stirring occasionally. Add some orange juice if you over thicken it. Once its the desired thickness, remove cover and set heat to low (3/10).
For serving, place some of the rice/vegetables in a bowl or plate. Add a chicken thigh either on top of the rice, or to the side. Pour some of the teriyaki sauce over the rice/veggies and chicken. Top the chicken with some of the chopped green onions and sesame seeds. Season to taste.

Submitter: 
TheElusivePastry
Description: 
This is my Teriyaki chicken recipe cooked in a skillet, which gives it a different taste and texture from regular teriyaki.  I use a rice cooker for the rice before putting the rice on the skillet.  Also, ensure you have a large oven-safe pan (no plastic parts--I use cast iron).
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
2-6 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
