URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64651119/tamagoyaki-bento-box/
Title:
Tamagoyaki Bento Box Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/4539426.jpg
Ingredients:
For the onigiri
1/2 cup sushi rice
3/4 cup water
2 tsp bonito flakes
2 one inch strips of nori
1 tsp white sesame seeds
1 tsp black sesame seeds
For the tamagoyaki
2 eggs
1/8 tsp tamari soy sauce
1 tsp mirin
1 tsp oil
4 one half inch strips of nori
4 broccoli florets, steamed
1/2 cup edamame
1/8 cup tamari soy sauce
1 tsp fresh grated ginger
1/8 tsp wasabi paste

Directions:
Ongiri:
Rinse the rice with cool water untilthe water runs clear.  Bring the rice and 3/4 cup of water to a boil then reduce the heat and simmer until the water is absorbed (about 15 minutes).  Let the rice cool.
Wet your hands and form the cooled rice into four equal  portions. Keep your hands wet to keep the rice from sticking. Using your thumb, create an indention in one of the rice portions. Fill the indention with one teaspoon of bonito flakes. Top with another rice portion to close the ongiri. Form into an oval shape and wrap the middle with a strip of nori. Make another ongiri with the remaining ingredients. Sprinkle the sesame seeds on top. Place in a bento box.
Tamagoyaki
Whisk together the egg, tamari, and mirin and divide into three portions. In a small saucepan (or square tamagoyaki pan), heat the oil over medium high heat. Add one third of the egg mixture and cook until almost firm. If the omelette is too firm it won't stick together very well. Slide the omelette onto a plate. Add the 4 strips of nori with some space between each.  Cook another third of the omelette the same way, but roll it up in the saucepan. Slide the rolled-up omelette onto the edge of the first omelette. Cook the third omelette and roll it up sliding it on top of the second omelette. Once cooled to the touch, roll-up the whole omelette with the other omelettes and nori inside. Cut into four pieces. Once cooled, place into the bento box alongside the onigiri.
Mix together the 1/8 cup tamari, fresh grated ginger and wasabi paste. Put the mixture into a portable container then put inside the bento box. Add the cooled steamed broccoli and edamame.

Submitter: 
Buckwheat Queen
Description: 
Traditional Japanese bento for a delicious lunch far from sandwiches and chips. The onigiri can be formed into cute shapes or animal figures to surprise your kids with a fun lunch.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
1
Nutritional Facts:
NA
