URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64651672/onion-and-shallot-dip/
Title:
Onion and Shallot Dip Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/4540467.jpg
Ingredients:
1 1/2 tablespoon olive oil
1 tablespoon unsalted butter
2 medium yellow onions, chopped
2 shallots, chopped
1 garlic clove, chopped
teaspoon sea salt
1 cup sour cream
1/2 cup plain greek yogurt
1 teaspoon worcestershire sauce
1 teaspoon garlic powder, optional
3-4 slices pancetta, diced

Directions:
Heat a large sauté pan to medium heat. When the pan is hot add oil and butter. Let butter melt but not brown. Add in onions and shallots. Let sauté for 7 minutes then add in garlic and salt. Cook until the onions start to soften and brown and stir often with a wooden spoon or spatula.
Reduce heat to low and let sauté for another 20 minutes (30 minutes cooking in total).
Remove from heat and cover with foil to let cool. (about 15 minutes)
Add onion mixture to a food processor and pulse a few times. You want the texture to be a little chunky.
Add sour cream, yogurt and worcestershire sauce then pulse a couple more times. Taste for additional salt or garlic powder.
Put in a covered container for at least 1 hour before serving.
Meanwhile heat a small sauté pan and add about a teaspoon of olive oil. Over a medium temperature add pancetta and cook until crispy. Use a wooden spoon to stir occasionally. It will take about 7 minutes. Remove from pan and put on a plate lined with a paper towel.
To serve add dip to a bowl and top with pancetta.

Submitter: 
Cindy Anschutz Barbieri
Description: 
My family loves chip and dip! I decided to make a healthier version and it was certainly a big hit. At first they didn’t like the smell of the coconut oil when I was frying up the chips but they ate them all! I know in Paleo many don’ t like to use dairy but this is a gluten free recipe and I personally like to enjoy a little dairy from time to time! I must admit that topping with the pancetta make this dip “super amazing!” I can’t make anything without a little Italian…
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
