URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64650725/sin/
Title:
Sin Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/4538600.jpg
Ingredients:
1 cup flour
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 cup butter
1 cup chopped pecans
1 Cup powdered sugar
8 ounces cream cheese
2 teaspoons vanilla
8 ounces heavy whipping cream
1 package cheesecake instant pudding mix
3 pints fresh strawberries
1 pint fresh blueberries
1 pint strawberry glaze

Directions:
Construct in Layers
Layer 1:
In a 7" x 11" pan place melted butter.  Add salt, butter and chopped pecans.  Pat down evenly on bottom of pan and coming slightly up the sides around the edges.  Bake at 375 F for 12 minutes.  Remove from oven and cool.
Layer 2:
In large bowl cream powdered sugar, cream cheese and vanilla.  In separate bowl whip the whipped cream.  After the whip cream can form stiff peaks add the pudding mix and incorporate thoroughly with the cream cheese mixture using the electric beaters.  Then add the whipped cream mixture to the cream cheese one again combining with electric mixer.  When throughly combined layer this mixture on the cooled crust.
Layer 3:
Wash the fresh fruit.  Remove the stems from the whole strawberries and remove any bad spots.  Pick through he blueberries making sure all are good quality.  In a bowl pour the strawberry glaze over the strawberries.  Coat the strawberries completely in the glaze (I usually wear disposable gloves so the glaze doesn't stain my hands).  After strawberries are coated mix the blueberries in the glaze as well.  Then one by one place strawberries top side down into the cream cheese mixture.  After filling the dish with the strawberries take the remaining blueberries in the glaze and sprinkle them evenly over the tops of the strawberries.
If you have the time chill in the refrigerator
Top with additional whip cream if desired

Submitter: 
Shanda
Description: 
Sweet Cream cheese and fresh fruit on a fresh made crust. Absolutely Delicious!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
60 m
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
