URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64659040/jjessedak-korean-braised-chicken/
Title:
JjesseDak (Korean Braised Chicken) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/4558427.jpg
Ingredients:
1 medium sized potato (cut into 1-inch cubes)
1 white Onion, diced
1 Tbsp butter
1 Tbsp sesame seeds (optional)
2 carrots, diced
~2 lb Chicken (i recommend thighs, but any bone-in chicken w/skin will work)
2 sprigs Green Onions, sliced
2 1/2 Cups Water
Between 1 -5 dried red hot pepper (????) depending on taste, sliced
5 oz Cellophane (starch) Noodles
Salt
Sauce Ingredients (I make this twice; once for the marinade and once for the sauce.  If using it as a marinade for the chicken, let it marinade for about 2-6 hours, flipping once half way through.  discard and then make the sauce again. )
5 Tbsp Soy Sauce (just under 1/3 cup)
3 Tbsp Cooking Wine (or 3 Tbsp Water)
3 Tbsp Dark Brown Sugar
3 cloves garlic, Minced
2 tsp Sesame Oil
1/4 tsp Freshly ground black Pepper
1/4 tsp ginger powder

Directions:
Boil salted water in a wide-bottom pan (not the 2.5 cups, but enough water to submerge the chicken). Cook the chicken for about a minute in the boiling water. Turn the heat off.
Drain the water and set the chicken aside.
Mix all of the ingredients (except for the sesame seeds) for the sauce in a bowl (soy sauce, cooking wine/water, sugar, garlic, sesame oil, black pepper, and ginger). While doing so, place the butter into the pan and set the heat to medium-high. allow the butter to melt.
Place the cooked chicken in the pan skin side down. Pour the sauce and 3 cups of water on top of the chicken on high heat (8/10). Cover. Once it starts to boil, reduce heat slightly (7.5/10) and remove cover and flip chicken. Allow to cook for 15 minutes, turning the chicken over again half way through.
Soak the noodles in hot water. 10 minutes, strain the noodles and set aside.
Mix in the potato, onion, carrot, and dried pepper into the pan and cook for about 10 minutes, increase heat slightly (8/10), until all of the ingredients are almost cooked. Mix the ingredients half way through, and flip the chicken over again.
Heat an additional 5-15 minutes, uncovered on low-medium heat. Monitor to make sure the sauce is the consistency that you desire, and proceed to the next step once it is. While heating, flip chicken every couple of minutes to keep from burning. When flipping, stir the sauce mixture as well. On the final flip, ensure the chicken is skin-side up.
Once the sauce is *almost* the consistency that you desire, mix in the drained noodles and green onions. Make sure the chicken is on top of them. Cook for 3 more minutes and then turn off the heat.
Mix again. Sprinkle with sesame seeds if desired. Turn off heat and allow to sit for about 5 minutes before serving

Submitter: 
TheElusivePastry
Description: 
This is my version of Jjimdak.  I love bone-in chicken, but I am using larger cuts (thighs) than normal jjimdak because I can spend less time cutting around the bones and more time eating.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
0
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
