URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64659045/french-onion-dip-sandwiches-slow-cooker/
Title:
French Onion Dip Sandwiches (Slow Cooker) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/4558436.jpg
Ingredients:
8 French rolls
6oz Gruyere cheese, sliced or grated
3 Tbsp butter
3lb rump roast or tri-tip
5Tbsp olive oil
2.5 cups beef stock
2 large onions (Mix of white and yellow), thinly sliced
3 cloves garlic, minced
1 teaspoon fresh thyme
1/4 cup dry vermouth/white wine/sherry
1 tbsp soy sauce
1tbsp Worcester sauce
1 bay leaf
1/2 teaspoon salt
1teaspoon sugar
1/4 teaspon freshly ground pepper

Directions:
In a large pot of skillet (with high edges) , heat 3Tbsp of olive oil on medium (7/10) heat. Add the onions and toss to coat with the olive oil.
Cook the onions, stirring often, until they have softened, about 15 minutes.
Add 1 tablespoon of the butter and cook, stirring often, until the onions start to brown, about 15 more minutes.
Stir in sugar (to help with the caramelization) and salt and continue to cook until the onions are well browned, about 10 to 15 more minutes. During this, mix again about half way through but mostly let the onions sit.
Mix in the minced garlic and cook for a minute more.
Add 3 tbsp of water and deglaze, scraping up any brown bits as you mix it in. Wait 3 minutes and repeat this process 3 times. Finally, add the vermouth to the pot and scrape up the browned bits on the bottom and sides of the pot, deglazing the pot as you go. Allow to cook for 4 minutes.
Add the stock, soy sauce, Worcester sauce, bay leaf, and thyme. Bring to a simmer (dont let it boil). Lower the heat to maintain a low simmer. Cook for about 10 minutes.
Add freshly ground black pepper. Discard the bay leaf and stir. Remove from heat.
Allow the to cool for a few minutes. While the soup cools, trim any excess fat from the beef. Pour contents of skillet into the slow cooker (dont turn it on yet).
Heat the same skillet/pot with the remaining 2 Tbsp of olive oil. Sprinkle a bit of additional salt n pepper on both sides of the meat. On high heat (8/10), brown the meat in the skillet (about 4 minutes each side, might want to use tongs and hold the meat so that the small sides can be seared as well for a minute each... total 10 minutes on the skillet)
Carefully place the meat into the slow cooker. Spoon the soup over the meat a bit, so that its topped with a few onions. Cook on Low setting for 4 hours.
Remove meat from slow cooker. slice diagnolly and place sliced pieces back into the slow cooker. Set again to low setting for 2 hours.
Once the slow cooker is almost done, preheat oven to 350 degrees (F). Split French rolls, and spread with remaining 2 tablespoons of butter along the flat side. Place face down on a baking sheet.
Bake rolls for 8-10 minutes (until they begin browning). Remove the rolls from oven, flip over, and sprinkle the cheese onto each roll. Return to oven, and broil until the cheese is slightly bubbly and lightly browned.(about 2-4 minutes)
Once the slow cooker is done, remove meat from slow cooker using a slotted spoon or spatula and place on the rolls once they are out of the oven. Place au jus sauce on the side for dipping and serve.

Submitter: 
TheElusivePastry
Description: 
This combines the greatness that is French Onion soup with french dips.  It is not supposed to be an 'authentic' french dip recipe, because authentic is often boring.  These are yummy sandwiches for those that like roast beef & french onion soup. It is mainly on the slow cooker, but it requires a bit of prep on the stove, too.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
