URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64655742/alexanders-cotton-candy-ice-cream/
Title:
ALEXANDER'S COTTON CANDY ICE CREAM Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
3/4 cup granulated sugar
1 cup milk whole
2 cup heavy whipping cream
1/2 cup cotton candy syrup (I used Jelly Belly Cotton Candy Syrup)
1 tsp vanilla extract
food coloring (optional)

Directions:
Before mixing ingredients, be sure that your chosen ice cream maker is ready to churn ice cream (attachments frozen, ice added, etc).
In a medium bowl, whisk together milk and sugar until sugar is dissolved.
Pour vanilla, heavy whipping cream, and cotton candy syrup into the bowl and whisk until combined.
If using food coloring: Depending on the brand of cotton candy syrup you used, the mixture might already have a pink hue. If you'd like the ice cream to be pink, keep this in mind - you won't need to add much pink food coloring to get your desired color. If you'd like the ice cream to be another color than pink, don't worry - as pictured, I used blue food coloring, and only had to add a few drops to achieve a nice light blue color. No matter what color you're using, add the food coloring slowly (one drop at a time) and whisk thoroughly between each until the desired color is reached. Also, the hue of the cream should be a few shades darker than the color you'd like the final ice cream to be, as the whipped and frozen cream will appear lighter. TIP: If you're still worried how your chosen color will look, add a little bit of the cotton candy syrup and milk to a separate glass or bowl and test your food coloring with it.
Pour the mixed ice cream mixture into the chilled bowl/attachment of your ice cream maker.
Churn ice cream for 25-30 minutes or until desired consistency is reached. If you'd like soft ice cream, serve cotton candy ice cream immediately. If you'd like firmer ice cream, transfer the ice cream to your chosen storage container and let it freeze for another 4-6 hours.

Submitter: 
Alexander Petrie
Description: 
This recipe makes 1 quart of pure sugar ice cream that nobody can resist!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
27 m
Ready in:
4-6 hr 27 mins
Number of servings: 
18
Nutritional Facts:
NA
