URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64659213/taco-de-galbi-and-pico-de-kimchi-korean-beef-rib-tacos--slowcooker/
Title:
Taco de Galbi and Pico de Kimchi (Korean beef rib tacos--slowcooker) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/4558996.jpg
Ingredients:
'Taco de Galbi' Ingredients:
2.5lb beef short ribs, flanken style
5 cloves of garlic
1 small white onion, quartered
zest of 4 limes
1/2 large asian pear, cored (or 1 regular sized pear)
1-3 small jalapenos (finely sliced, stems removed)
3/4 cup soy sauce
3/4 cup brown sugar
1/2 cup beef stock
1/4 cup honey
1/4 tsp black pepper
1 tbsp sesame seeds
16 corn tortillas (for 8 tacos, plus more as needed)
Crema (or sour cream), optional
2 tbsp canola oil (for browning tortillas)
'Pico de Kimchi' Ingredients:
2 roma tomatoes (seeded and finely diced)
1/4 cup chopped cilantro
1/2 white onion, finely diced
1/4 cup shredded kimchi
1/2 teaspoon kosher salt
1 tbsp sesame oil

Directions:
place beef short ribs (flanken style) in a large bowl of water for an hour or so. Discard water afterwards.
in a food processor, combine garlic, onion, pear, and puree
transfer to a bowl and stir in soy sauce, brown sugar, honey, lime zest, beef stock, and black pepper
finely chop up the jalapenos and add them to the bowl. mix.
Place ribs + sauce into a slow cooker and mix, trying to submerge all of the ribs in the sauce as much as you can. (see bottom if you don't want to use a slow cooker)
Cook for 7-9 hours on low.
An hour or so before the short ribs are ready, begin dicing/chopping the 'Pico de Kimchi' ingredients. After dicing the tomatoes, drain any excess liquid. You can serve it hot or cold. If cold, just mix all the ingredients and set aside. If you want it warm, add all the ingredients except the cilantro and sesame oil and throw in a pot, heat for a few minutes on medium-high heat (stir frequently), then add cilantro and sesame oil and mix. Set aside.
Also, before the short ribs are done, begin prepping the tortillas. On high heat, begin heating the remaining 2 tbsp of canola oil, and once the pan is hot, put the the tortillas on the pan (in batches) and brown them on both sides (a minute or so each side). Set aside.
Before serving, remove the bones from the short rib strips (they should appear orange-ish). Sprinkle beef with sesame seeds. Also, drain any excess liquid from the "pico de kimchi." Spoon on a bit of the short ribs, a bit of the pico de kimchi, and Crema (if using), onto two tortillas (for each taco) and enjoy!
***If you don't have a slow cooker(or just prefer grilled beef), Marinade the short ribs for 4+ hours (flipping once half way through). Also, prep the "pico de kimchi" before grilling the meat. Discard the short ribs marinade and grill the short ribs (w/cooking oil) until theyre done. Remove bones and cut meat into bite sized pieces, then follow the serving suggestion above.***

Submitter: 
TheElusivePastry
Description: 
I think these are yummy. I pitched the idea to a local Korean-Mexican restaurant and the manager told me no one is going to want to pay Galbi prices for a taco and he probably had a point.  I still think they're good, though.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 h and 10 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
