URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64659030/1-skillet-pesto-chicken-vegetables/
Title:
1-Skillet Pesto Chicken & vegetables Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/4558408.jpg
Ingredients:
marinade ingredients:
1/2 cup extra virgin olive oil
1/4 cup soy sauce
2 tablespoons red wine vinegar
3 clove garlic
3 tablespoons basil leaves
1/2 roughly chopped large red onion
1 teaspoon whole black peppercorns
main ingredients:
4 chicken thighs (~2 lb)
4 Tbsp. unsalted butter, divided into 3 Tbsp. and 1 Tbsp.
7 oz halloumi or feta cheese (in 4 even portions)
1 cartons red cherry tomatoes
~4 large leaves Basil (1 per chicken thigh)
12 oz fresh (or 1 can) green beans
3 small potatoes (cubed)
3 tablespoons olive oil
1 tsp salt
1 tsp pepper
1 yellow bell pepper, chopped (stem/seeds removed)
2 cloves garlic
1/2 red onion (chopped)
Pesto Sauce:
1/2 cup extra virgin olive oil
4 garlic cloves
4 handfuls of fresh basil leaves (roughly 2 packed cups)
1 tsp salt
1/2 tsp pepper
4oz pine nuts
Juice from 1 large lemon
1 dash of hot sauce

Directions:
Combine marinade ingredients, (mix well) and place into a zip lock bag . massage marinade well and let sit for 4-6 hours in the refrigerator (flipping once half way through)
Preheat your oven to 350°F / 175° C
place a large *oven-safe* skillet (preferably cast iron) over medium-high heat; add 3 tablespoons of butter. When butter has melted, add the chicken , skin side down, and sear until golden brown, about 4-5 minutes. (This will melt out most of the fat underneath and will leave a nice crispy skin.). Flip over chickenand grill another minute or so. Then remove chicken and set aside.
Drain the extra fat and oil in the skillet, then add 1 tablespoon of butter. When butter has melted, add garlic and red onion to the pan and cook for 1-2 minutes, stirring frequently. Then mix in bell pepper, green beans, tomatoes, potatoes, salt and pepper. cook for 4-5 minutes, stirring throughout.
re-add the chicken to the skillet, and place the skillet in the oven and bake for 15 minutes at 350°,
remove skillet from oven and add then top the chicken with the large basil leaves and then the slices of cheese. ensure cheese does not touch the sides of the pan. return to oven and cook for 15-20 minutes at 350*, and then turn on the broil setting and cook for another 5 minutes or until the cheese is golden brown and the chicken is cooked. (note: oven times vary, especially broil so keep an eye on it!)
Meanwhile, add the olive oil, garlic, salt, pepper, Tabasco sauce, and lemon juice to a blender and blitz for 30 seconds. Next add the basil and blitz until it's the consistency of pesto, about 30 seconds.
remove the skillet from oven and drizzle the pesto sauce primary onto the chicken, but also on the veggies. Garnish with chopped green onion and serve.

Submitter: 
TheElusivePastry
Description: 
This is a decent pesto dish.  I like the concept of cooking 1-skillet meals because the flavors meld well and it cuts down on cooking time, without sacrificing quality.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
4-6 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
