URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64658697/alexanders-cupid-crunch-recipe/
Title:
Alexander's Cupid Crunch Recipe Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 bags microwave popcorn or 1/2- 2/3 cup popcorn kernels, popped
12 oz bag Wilton candy melts (I did the pink for this recipe)
2 cups pretzels- broken into pieces
1 – 1 1/2 cups M&Ms
Sprinkles, Nonpareils, Holiday shaped candies for decoration

Directions:
Pop popcorn set aside.  Be sure to pick any unpopped kernels out– they aren’t fun to bite into when you don’t expect them!
Melt the candy melts at 30-second intervals in the microwave if you want this done quickly.  Otherwise, you can always do a double boiler method (it’ll take longer), stirring frequently.
Toss broken pretzels and M&Ms into the bowl with popcorn.  Then pour 1/2 the melted candy over the top and combine with a rubber spatula.  (I actually found that using 2 rubber spatulas worked a lot better for me and I didn’t get covered in Cupid’s Crunch mess!)
Spread mixture out on a sheet of wax paper- drizzle remaining melted candy over the top.
Sprinkle the nonpareils, candy bits or sprinkles
After the chocolate dries/firms up again, break into bits and either store in an airtight container (for about a week) or package it up into treat bags to share with friends, classmates, and neighbors!  If you try to do it before the chocolate is ready, you’re going to have a big mess on your hands.  Of course, you can always lick your fingers. But really, it’s better to wait. I promise.
The fun part of this recipe?  Thanks to the candy makers all finding holidays fun for products, you can make this mix for every holiday and for no reason at all!  Next Christmas we may get those holiday shaped pretzels and leave them whole, for a fully themed crunch.

Submitter: 
Alexander Petrie
Description: 
This recipe makes unbelievably sweet crunchy bars of chocolate!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
8 m
Ready in:
17 m
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
NA
