URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64650443/everyday-white-bread/
Title:
Everyday White Bread Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/4538927.jpg
Ingredients:
2 cups lukewarm water (barely warm to the touch)
1 tablespoon (or 1 pkg.) active dry yeast (regular or fast rising, it makes no difference)
1 teaspoon sugar
5 cups bread flour (all-purpose will also work just fine)
1-1/2 tablespoons kosher salt
1 egg yolk
1 tablespoon cold water
2 tablespoons raw sesame seeds
2 tablespoons poppy seeds

Directions:
Whisk the water, yeast, and sugar together in the bowl of your stand mixer (or any large bowl, if mixing manually) until the yeast and sugar are dissolved. Wait 10-15 minutes for the yeast to proof. If your yeast is active, it will have begun to bubble up.
Combine the dry ingredients and add them to the yeast mixture. Use the dough hook (or stir until more or less combined) and knead on a medium low speed (or by hand) until the dough is smooth and springy, about 8 minutes.  Clean and dry the bowl, then coat with the oil. Return the dough to it and turn to coat on all sides. Cover with a dish towel and allow to rise for about an hour and 15 minutes (even if you used "fast-rising" yeast).
Punch the dough down and knead by hand or using the dough hook for 2 minutes. Remove and form into whatever shape of loaf you like. I make mine into a long baguette or football shape. Allow to rise, covered, for 45 minutes.  In the meantime, preheat the oven to 400 degrees.  Slash with a serrated knife at intervals.  Whisk the egg yolk and water together, brush all over the top of the loaf and sides, then sprinkle liberally with the sesame and poppy seeds. Bake for 30-35 minutes. Allow to cool completely on a wire rack before slicing.

Submitter: 
Tim Wilkerson
Description: 
I've been making this bread at least every week for decades. It's easy, cheap, and so delicious you'll wonder what you were thinking buying commercially-manufactured bread!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
2 h
Ready in:
2 h 30 m
Number of servings: 
15
Nutritional Facts:
NA
