URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64659215/gochujang-korean-red-pepper-sauce-pulled-pork-in-the-slowcooker/
Title:
Gochujang (Korean Red Pepper Sauce) Pulled Pork in the slowcooker Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/4558998.jpg
Ingredients:
1x 4lb pork shoulder roast, fat trimmed
8 hamburger or kaiser buns, split
3 tbsp butter
3 sprigs green onions, thinly sliced
2/3 cup gochujang
1/2 cup apple cider vinegar
1/2 cup chicken stock
2/3 cup gochujang
1/4 cup honey
1/4 cup brown sugar
1 large onion, thinly sliced
3 cloves garlic, minced
5 sprigs fresh thyme (stems removed)
2 tablespoons fresh ginger
1 tablespoon yellow mustard
1 tablespoon soy sauce
1 tablespoon cinnamon
1 tsp salt
1/2 tsp pepper
1 tbsp butter (additional)
1 tbsp flour

Directions:
Mix all ingredients (except pork, hamburger buns, butter, flour, and green onions) into a large bowl and mix well.
Dred the pork into the mixture in the bowl on all sides. Pour the mixture from the bowl into the slow cooker, followed by the pork. spoon some of the mixture over the top of the pork.
Cover slow cooker and cook on low until the roast shreds easily with a fork (8 hours)
Remove the roast from slow cooker and place in a large bowl. shred the meat with 2 forks.
Pour the sauce from the slow cooker into a pot and heat it over medium-high heat (covered) . Bring to a boil and uncover. Reduce heat to a simmer.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees (f)
In the meantime, mix the 1 btsp butter and 1 tbsp flour in a small bowl. place into the pot and mix well.
Butter the insides of the buns and toast them on a baking sheet in the oven at 350 degrees(f) for 5-7 minutes
Five minutes after you've poured the flour+butter into the pot, remove from heat and stir again. Pour the sauce into the bowl with the pork and mix.
Top pork with green onions. Spoon pork over the toasted buns and serve

Submitter: 
TheElusivePastry
Description: 
This is an easy American-Korean fusion recipe.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
5 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
