URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64657838/alexanders-malted-chocolate-divine-filled-doughnut/
Title:
ALEXANDER'S MALTED CHOCOLATE DIVINE FILLED DOUGHNUT Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Malted Chocolate Pastry Cream:
4 large egg yolks
¼ cup granulated sugar
2 tablespoons corn starch
3 tablespoon cocoa powder
½ cup malted milk powder
¼ teaspoon kosher salt
1 cup whole milk
3 ounces bittersweet chocolate
2 tablespoons unsalted butter
2 teaspoons vanilla extract
12 prepared Classic Sufganiyot doughnuts (recipe under video)
Bittersweet Chocolate Glaze:
½ cup heavy cream
4 ounces bittersweet chocolate, chopped
2 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened to room temperature
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
Garnish: chopped dark chocolate malted milk balls and chocolate shavings

Directions:
Filling:
1. In a medium sauté pan, whisk together egg yolks, sugar, cornstarch, cocoa powder, malt powder, and salt. The mixture will be fairly thick.
2. Slowly whisk in the milk. Place pan over medium low heat. Stir constantly so that the milk does not burn and the eggs do not cook. When mixture just comes to a boil it will quickly begin to thicken.
3. Remove from heat and continue whisking until thick and smooth, and it’s the consistency of pudding. Add chocolate chunks, butter, and vanilla extract to the warm chocolate mixture and stir until all is melted and well incorporated.
4. Transfer hot pastry cream to a small bowl. Place a piece of parchment paper on top of the cream (so that it touches the cream) to cover the surface and keep a skin from forming. Chill for 2 hours.
5. Fill a pastry bag, fitted with a round tip, with the melted chocolate filling. Poke a hole in the side or on top of the Sufganiyot and fill.
6. Glaze with Bittersweet Chocolate Glaze (recipe below) and garnish with malted milk balls and chocolate shavings.
Bittersweet Chocolate Glaze:
1. Heat cream in sauté pan, over low heat until steaming, but not boiling.
2. Pour hot cream over chocolate and set aside for 10 minutes. Stir in butter and vanilla.
3. Spoon over filled doughnuts. Garnish with malted milk balls and chocolate shavings.

Submitter: 
Alexander Petrie
Description: 
This recipe is unique into one dozen massive divine doughnut is filled, topping, dough!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
120 m
Ready in:
140 m
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
