URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64659033/crazy-gideons-split-pea-soup/
Title:
Crazy Gideon's Split Pea Soup Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/4558419.jpg
Ingredients:
1 pound dried split peas
3 tablespoons butter
1 yellow onion, finaly chopped/diced
2 celery stalks, finely chopped/diced
2 large carrots, finely chopped
3 cloves of garlic minced
1 pound Smithfield ham, diced or cubed (omit if vegetarian)
1 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper
1/4 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes
1 1/2 teaspoon fresh oregano, chopped
8 cups vegetable stock
1 bay leaf (cut into tiny, tiny pieces)
1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme
1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsely
dash of hot sauce
Croutons/bread/crackers

Directions:
Place the peas in a large pot or bowl w/lid, cover with water by 2 inches and soak 8 hours or overnight. Drain the peas and set aside.
In a large pot, melt the butter over medium-high heat. Add the onions and cook, stirring, for about 10 minutes.
Add the garlic and cook, stirring, for 1 minute.
Add the celery and carrots and cook, stirring, until just soft, about 3 minutes.
Add the ham and cook, stirring, until beginning to brown, about 3-4 minutes.
Add the drained peas, salt, pepper, and pepper flakes, and cook, stirring for 2 minutes.
Add the vegetable stock, oregano, bay leaf, thyme, hot sauce, and cover pot and bring to a boil. After it reaches the boiling point, reduce heat to a simmer
While simmering, cook (covered) for 45 minutes. stir occasionally
Cook uncovered on medium heat for between 5-30 minutes, or until it's almost at your desires level of thickness and stir throughout (if you dont want it thick, just skip this step, but if you want it thick keep it on the stove awhile)
Put in the low heat (2/10) setting for 5-10 minutes. Adjust the seasoning to taste, sprinkle with parsley, and serve with croutons, bread. or crackers

Submitter: 
TheElusivePastry
Description: 
This split pea soup is really thick -- especially if you reheat it in the microwave the next day.  It becomes more of a stew at that point.  But that's how I like it.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
8 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
