URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64659041/lemon-garlic-chicken-pasta/
Title:
Lemon-garlic chicken & pasta Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/4558431.jpg
Ingredients:
6 chicken thighs with bones and skin, about 3 lb
12-20 cloves minced garlic (plus or minus depending on your taste)
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
1/2 teaspoon salt (separate)
1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper
1/2 cup all-purpose flour
1/4 cup olive oil
2 yellow onions, thinly sliced
1 bay leaf
1/2 teaspoon crushed red pepper
1/2 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice (3-4 lemons)
10oz chicken stock
1 pound angel hair pasta
1 cup chopped fresh spinach
3 tablespoons unsalted butter
2 carrots (finely chopped)
2 sprigs green onions (finely chopped)
1 celery stalk (finely chopped)
marinade (these ingredients are in addition):
2 cloves garlic (minced)
1 cup soy sauce
1/2 cup lemon juice (fresh squeezed or pre-squeezed.. .doesnt matter)
1/2 tsp salt
1/4 tsp black pepper

Directions:
Mix marinade ingredients and marinade chicken in the fridge for at least 4 hours (flipping over half way through). Discard marinade once finished.
preheat oven to 350 degrees(f)
Season the chicken thighs with 1 1/2 tsp salt and 1 teaspoon of the freshly ground pepper.
Place the flour in a shallow dish. Dredge the chicken in the flour and set aside.
In a large, oven-safe saute pan or cast-iron skillet with at least 3-inch sides, heat the oil over medium-high heat. When the oil is hot but not smoking, add the thighs and brown well on both sides, (4-5 minutes skin side down, 2-3 minutes skin side up). Remove the chicken from the pan and set aside
Add the onions to the oil and cook, stirring throughout to scrape up any browned bits from the chicken until wilted, about 10-15 minutes.
Add the garlic, crushed red pepper, carrots, celery, remaining 1/2 teaspoon salt, and the bay leaf and cook 1 minute.
Add the lemon juice, chicken broth, and browned chicken thighs to the pan. Bring the mixture to a simmer, cover tightly (i use tin foil), and place in the oven (ensure its safe for the oven--ie stainless steal or cast iron, and no plastic parts).
Begin bringing a separate large, salted pot to a boil (for the noodles)
Bake for 30 minutes, remove the lid and cook an additional 20 minutes or so, or until cooked through and tender.
While the chicken is baking, cook the pasta until al dente, 5-7 minutes for dry pasta. Melt the butter a bit in a separate plate or bowl. Strain well and immediately toss noodles in a large bowl with the spinach and butter. mix well.
When chicken is done cooking, remove from oven. Place chicken thighs on a separate plate. Remove and discard bay leaf if you can find it. Pour the sauce/veggie mixture onto the noodles and mix well. Place chicken on top of noodles. Garnish with green onions and [if desired] additional seasoning.

Submitter: 
TheElusivePastry
Description: 
This might seem like a lot of garlic, but it tastes quite good!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
4-6 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
5
Nutritional Facts:
NA
