URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64659205/tofu-skillet-teriyaki-vegan/
Title:
Tofu Skillet Teriyaki (Vegan) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/4558947.jpg
Ingredients:
main ingredients:
10 oz [store bought] teriyaki marinade
1/2 cup orange juice (optional)
32oz tofu, firm
1 large yellow onion, diced
3 cups white rice (rinsed/drained 4x times or so, until water runs clear)
2 carrots, finely chopped
1 celery stalk, finely chopped
1 bunch brocolli (~ 1 lb, chopped into 1 to 2" pieces)
1 red bell pepper, chopped/seeded
4 small mushrooms, thinly sliced
2 sprigs green onion (finely chopped)
4 cloves garlic, minced
1 cup vegetable stock
1/2 tsp salt
1/4 tsp black pepper, freshly ground
1 tablespoon sesame seeds
4 tbsp olive oil
teriyaki sauce ingredients:
3/4 cup soy sauce
3/4 cup mirin
3 tbsp fresh ginger, finely grated
3 cloves of garlic, finely minced
1/3 cup brown sugar
1/4 cup honey (substitute with maple syrup if desired)
3 tbsp cornstarch
1/4 cup cold water

Directions:
1. Place 2 sheets of paper towels on a cutting board and place tofu on top, then put two sheets of paper towels on top of the tofu. Place something heavy (such as a cast iron skillet) on top of the tofu for 30 minutes to drain water. Chop tofu into cubes.
2. Place tofu in a large plastic bag (or container for marinade) with the store bought teriyaki marinade and 1/2 cup orange juice. Allow to sit in fridge for an hour, flipping half way through.
3. Begin heating rice in a rice cooker
4. Preheat oven to 375 degrees (f)
5. In a large, deep, oven-safe pan (such as a cast-iron skillet), heat 2 tablespoons of olive oil on medium-high heat (7/10). Add the onions to the skillet and toss to coat.
6. Increase the heat a bit, and stir often for 10 minutes, scraping up any brown bits as you go. Mix in the 1 tbsp of olive oil, and add the 4 cloves minced garlic + 1/2 tsp salt. Stir and let cook for another minute.
5. Transfer rice from rice cooker into pan and mix in vegetable stock and remaining 1 tbsp of olive oil, stir again (once again, scraping up any brown bits).
6. Add the carrots, celery, mushrooms, bell pepper, and broccoli to the top of the rice. Sprinkle with black pepper.
7. Drain tofu and add to pan/skillet, and cover the oven safe-pan/skillet (i use aluminum foil) and place into the oven for 35 minutes or so. Remove cover and cook for an additional 5-10 minutes, or until tofu is crisp/golden brown.
8. While the skillet is in the oven, prepare teriyaki sauce. Thoroughly mix all teriyaki sauce ingredients (except for the cornstarch and water) into a pot and begin heating on medium-high/heat. Mix cornstarch and cold water into a cup or bowl and dissolve. Add to sauce in pan and mix well. Heat until suace thickens to desired thickness (about 10-20 minutes), stirring occasionally. Add some orange juice if you over thicken it. Once its the desired thickness, remove cover and set heat to low (3/10).
9. For serving, place some of the rice/vegetables in a bowl or plate. Add tofu on top of the rice, or to the side. Pour some of the teriyaki sauce over the rice/veggies and tofu. Top the tofu with some of the chopped green onions and sesame seeds. Season to taste.

Submitter: 
TheElusivePastry
Description: 
Although this is vegan, I think it can be enjoyed by non-vegans that want to eat a tad healthier.  Make sure to use an oven safe pan (eg, no plastic parts.  I use cast iron).
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 h and 30 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
