URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64651673/paleo-red-and-green-meatballs-with-avocado-cream-sauce/
Title:
Paleo Red and Green Meatballs with Avocado Cream Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/4540472.jpg
Ingredients:
1 pound grass fed ground beef
1 large egg
1 teaspoon sea salt
1/2 teaspoon freshly ground pepper
1 1/2 teaspoon dried parsley
1 avocado
2 roasted red peppers
Ingredients for Avocado Cream Sauce
1 large ripe avocado
1/2 cup reduced-fat Greek yogurt
Juice of 1 lime
1 teaspoon sea salt
1/2 teaspoon freshly ground pepper
1/2 teaspoon dried parsley

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.
In a large bowl combine beef, egg, salt, pepper and parsley. Combine together using a fork or your hands.
Take you avocado and cut open (see below) and cut large slices.
Take your roasted peppers and lay on a paper towel to remove any liquid or oil and cut into squares. (Depending on the meatball sizes your will be rolling will depend on the square size – you want it to fit in the middle of the patty.
To create your red and green meatball. Take an ice cream or melon scoop and fill with meat mixture. Lay flat on your hand and flatten as you are making a thin burger. Lay the roasted pepper in the center of the beef then add a piece of avocado. Fold the ends together and form a circle using both hands and continue until you make all of the meatballs.
Place on a large platter until ready to cook.
In a large oven safe sauté pan over medium-high heat add a little oil and sauté meatballs until all sides are brown (about 8 minutes).  Place pan in oven and bake for 20 minutes!
Directions Avocado Cream Sauce
Slice the avocado in half and remove the pit. Scoop the flesh into your mini chopper and add the yogurt, lime juice and a big pinch of salt and pepper.
Blend until smooth.

Submitter: 
Cindy Anschutz Barbieri
Description: 
My paleo red and green meatballs with avocado cream sauce are great for a meal or entertaining. You can see by the picture how I plated these festive meatballs. For entertaining just make little meatballs and I can promise you they will be gone in a flash!

These are a perfect paleo recipe and gluten free recipe for your family and friends to enjoy! Don’t you just love Meatballs!!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
25
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
