URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64660988/steamed-banana-cake-in-instant-pot/
Title:
Steamed Banana Cake in Instant Pot® Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/4564352.jpg
Ingredients:
For the cake:
5 very ripe bananas
4 tablespoons sugar
1 pinch salt
1 1/2 cups tapioca starch (or rice flour)
1/2 teaspoon ground turmeric (for color)
1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract
For the coconut sauce:
1 cup canned coconut milk
1/4 cup sugar
1/4 cup cold water
1 tablespoon corn starch or tapioca starch
For serving:
2 tablespoons sesame seeds or roasted unsalted peanuts

Directions:
Chop or slice two bananas. The other 3 bananas mash with the fork. Combine in a bowl with sugar and a pinch of salt, let stand for 5 minutes.
Add tapioca starch, turmeric, vanilla. Mix thoroughly.
Grease steaming insert with coconut oil (I used plastic 9" round mold with holes in the bottom). Line the bottom with parchment and grease parchment as well. Pour batter into the prepared mold.
Pour 2 cups water into Instant Pot® and insert trivet for steaming. Place steaming insert on a trivet, close lid and set for 20 min on "Steam" cycle.
When the cycle is over, open the lid and carefully transfer cake  onto cooking rack or cutting board. Let cool completely (at least 1 hour). Cake with get firm. Carefully separate cake from the sides with the knife, then slide onto serving dish.
While cake is cooling, prepare coconut sauce. Heat 1 cup coconut milk and 1/4 cups sugar in a small saucepan. When it starts simmering, add 1 tablespoon corn or tapioca starch dissolved in 1/4 cup cold water. Continue simmering, constantly mixing with a whisk, until bubbly and thickened. Take off heat.
Roast sesame seeds or peanuts on a dry frying pan on low heat, until lightly roasted and fragrant. Keep mixing and pay close attention, so that they don't burn.
Serve a slice of banana cake with 1-2 tablespoons of coconut sauce and sprinkle with roasted sesame seeds or chopped roasted peanuts.

Submitter: 
Travinka
Description: 
null
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 min
Ready in:
2 hrs (incl cooling time)
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
