URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64664422/high-rise-buttermilk-biscuits/
Title:
High-Rise Buttermilk Biscuits Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/4566744.jpg
Ingredients:
4 cups cake flour
2.5 Tablespoons aluminum-free baking powder
2 teaspoons salt
1/2 cup cold, unsalted butter; cut into small chunks
1 1/3 cups buttermilk
1 Tablespoon salted butter, melted
Equipment: stand mixer, pastry blade, floured work surface, 9x9 pan.

Directions:
Preheat oven to 500°. Prepare floured working surface.
Mix together dry ingredients (flour, baking powder and salt) in a stand mixer.
Add butter to dry ingredients and mix at medium speed until butter is well incorporated, approximately 4 minutes. Mix should resemble wet sand.
Remove bowl from mixer and fold in buttermilk until crumbly ingredients stick together. Add up to 1/4 cup extra buttermilk if mixture is not sticking together.
Dump dough onto floured surface and hand pat to form a rectangle. Pat remaining dry crumbs into the mixture. Do not use a heavy rolling pin as this will create dense biscuits.
Cut dough in half with floured pastry blade and stack cut halves on top of each other. Hand press layers together to about 1.5" thickness, shaping a long rectangle as you go. Repeat 3-5 times.
Use pastry blade to cut dough into 8 even squares, being sure to cut off uneven edges (put these scraps to side). Clean cuts on all edges will encourage rise.
Pat together scraps for one odd shaped 9th biscuit.
Place biscuits close together in 9" x 9" pan. To encourage more steam on sides of biscuits, close off extra space on end of pan with foil.
Brush with melted butter and let rise on top of warm stove for 10-15 minutes before baking.
Bake for 14-18 minutes. Check biscuits half-way through bake time. Bake until tops of biscuits are light golden brown and toothpick comes out clean from center biscuit.

Submitter: 
Emily E
Description: 
This recipe comes from chats with friends and many weekend mornings of making biscuits. Pay close attention to technique -- it is certainly as important as ingredients -- and you'll surely make a moist, airy, tasty biscuit with good rise. IMPORTANT: use fresh, aluminum-free baking powder; this is less salty than regular baking powder and allows you to add more without affecting taste.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
9
Nutritional Facts:
NA
