URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64664752/lime-cilantro-pollo-daglio/
Title:
Lime-Cilantro Pollo D'aglio Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/4567608.jpg
Ingredients:
Marinade:
1 1/3 cup olive oil
1 cup lime juice (~8 fresh squeezed limes)
8-10 cloves garlic, minced
2 tbsp ground cumin
1 tsp ancho chili powder
2 tsp salt
1 tsp black pepper
1/4 cup honey
Roughly 1 bunch chopped cilantro leaves (doesnt have to be the whole bunch)
Other ingredients:
1 orange bell pepper, seeded/diced
2 serreano peppers (or jalapenos), seeded/thinly sliced
1 lb asparagus (stems removed)
1 large red onion, thinly sliced
2/3 of a carton of cherry tomatoes
~2lb chicken parts (bone-in with skin; I use thighs)
3 cups uncooked/dry rice (I use Bastami because i'm a hu$tlah)
1 cup chicken stock
~4 large spinach leaves (for garnishing each piece of chicken)

Directions:
Mix up marinade ingredients and divide in half. Use half the marinade for the chicken thighs and the other half for the peppers, asparagus, onion, and tomatoes. Marinade both in the fridge (in separate zip lock bags/containers) for about 4 hours, flipping over half way through.
Begin cooking the rice in a rice cooker (or use a pot). Don't forget to rinse the rice about 4 times. Follow instructions of the rice cooker for cooking the rice (probably combining 3 cups of water with 3 cups of dry rice and pressing the cook button).
Preheat oven to 400 degrees (f).
Pour vegetables into a strainer and discard excess marinade. Begin heating a large, oven-safe (no plastic parts!) skillet/pan on medium-high heat (8/10). Put the vegetables onto the skillet/pan and cook for 20 minutes, stirring occasionally. Remove vegetables from the skillet/pan and set aside. Save any extra sauce/pan drippings with the vegetables. if desired.
Pour chicken into a strainer and discard excess marinade. Reduce heat slightly (7/10) and brown the chicken on that pan (4-5 minutes skin side down, 2 minutes skin side up). Set chicken aside. Either poor the pan drippings down the drain, or save it for the next step.
Put the cooked rice into the skillet/pan and flatten it as much as possible. Add 1 cup chicken stock over the rice. Put the vegetables on top of the rice, and then put the chicken (skin side up) on top of the vegetables. Drizzle with pan drippings if desired. Cover with tin foil.
Put the skillet/pan into the oven and heat for 30 minutes. Remove foil and put spinach leaves a top each chicken piece and cook for 10-15 more minutes, or until chicken is cooked through. Season with salt and pepper to taste and serve.

Submitter: 
TheElusivePastry
Description: 
I like 1-skillet dishes and I think the lime-cilantro-garlic sauce gives it a unique flavor.  If you don't like crunchy rice, omit the parts about adding the rice (after its cooked) and the chicken stock to the pan before it gets reheated in the oven.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
2-6 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
