URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64665030/pressure-cooker-beef-brisket/
Title:
Pressure Cooker Beef Brisket Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/5146850.jpg
Ingredients:
2 1/2 to 3 1/2 pounds beef brisket
1/4 cup beef rub (or more as needed)
1 teaspoon salt
1 tablespoon olive oil
2 medium yellow onions, peeled and sliced
5 large garlic cloves, peeled and sliced
1/2 cup beef broth, preferable homemade
1/2 cup dry red wine
1/4 cup ketchup
1 teaspoon dried rosemary
1 teaspoon dried thyme leaves
1 teaspoon paprika
1/4 cup cold water
2 tablespoons corn starch
Special equipment:
•	6-quart electric or stovetop pressure cooker, or larger (like an Instant Pot)
•	Immersion blender, or regular blender

Directions:
If your brisket has more than 1/4-inch layer of fat, trim off the excess. Coat well with beef rub on both side and rub it in. Put the rubbed brisket in a large baggie and put it in the refrigerator for at least 4 hours or preferable overnight.
Select the “Sauté” program on your pressure cooker, adjust it to its highest heat setting, and add the oil to the pot. (For a stove top pressure cooker, heat the oil over medium high heat.) Use a pair of tongs to lower the brisket into the pot with the side with the most fat facing down, and let it sear for 6 minutes. Turn it over and sear it for 6 more minutes. Transfer the seared brisket to a plate.
Adjust your pressure cooker to its medium sauté setting. (For a stove top pressure cooker, lower the heat to medium.)  Add another teaspoon or two of olive oil to cook the onions and garlic if needed.
Add the onions, garlic, and the remaining 1 teaspoon of salt. Cook, stirring frequently, until the onions are soft and beginning to brown, about 10 minutes. Scrape the bottom of the pot as you stir the onions to help release all of the browned bits from the bottom of the pot.
Stir the water, wine, ketchup, and spices into the onions and garlic.
Use a pair of tongs to lower the seared brisket back into the pressure cooker, with the side with the most fat facing up. Place the lid on your pressure cooker, and make sure that the pressure regulator is set to the “Sealing” position. Select the “Manual” program, then set the time to 50 minutes at high pressure.
After cooking is done, depressurize naturally for about 10 minutes and then quick release the remaining pressure
Use tongs to transfer the brisket to a plate or carving board. Strain the cooking liquid into a fat separator, collecting the cooked onions and garlic in the strainer.
Return the drained onions and garlic to the pressure cooker pot. Pour the cooking liquid from the fat separator back into the pot, discarding the fat that is left behind.
With an immersion blender, blend the cooking liquid, onions and garlic. Turn on the pressure cooker to its medium sauté setting, and bring to a boil.
Mix the cold water and corn starch, and pour the mixture into the pressure cooker. Stir frequently until the gravy has thickened.
Slice the brisket against the grain into thin (1/4-inch) slices. Pour the gravy over the brisket and serve hot. The gravy is also very good on mashed potatoes.

Submitter: 
judy2304
Description: 
This is my go-to recipe for brisket. I usually use bison brisket, but beef brisket works as well. This recipe is easy to prepare and using the pressure cooker greatly reduces cooking time as compared to other methods. The brisket comes out moist, tender, and flavorful, and the gravy is also excellent.  The onions, garlic, and seasonings are incorporated into the gravy producing a flavorful gravy.  I use an Instant Pot for this recipe, but it can also be made in a pressure cooker on the stove.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
90 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
