URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64664389/mas-savory-pot-roast-supper/
Title:
MA's Savory Pot Roast Supper Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
4.5 - 5lb Chuck Roast  - near room temperature
1/2 tsp Thyme
1/2 tsp Salt
1/2 tsp Pepper
1/4 cup All Purpose Flour
1/4 cup Cooking Oil
3 lg Cloves Garlic  - roughly chopped
1/2 tsp Rosemary
1 Beef Bouillon - Knorrs
2 lg Bay Leaves
2 stalks Celery - cut into 3rds
1 medium Onion - thick sliced
4 cups Hot Water
4 lg Carrots - chunked
4 medium Potatoes - chunked
Optional: 3 TBL AP flour or cornstarch

Directions:
Preheat Oven to 350
Adjust oven rack to lower position
Place dutch oven over medium heat.  Add cooking oil.
Rinse roast, pat to remove excess moisture.  Season each side with thyme, salt and pepper.  Sprinkle each side of the seasoned roast with flour, pressing firmly into meat.
Brown both sides of the roast well in hot oil for 5 minutes on each side.  Remove roast, set aside.
To dutch oven add garlic, bouillon, bay leaves and rosemary.  Stir, for one minute.  Add hot water slowly, scraping to loosen browned bits from bottom and sides of pot.
Add celery and onion to build a "bed" for the roast., bring to a boil stirring constantly.
Place roast on top of vegetables, cover, place into hot oven and cook for 1.5 hours.
Turn roast, added carrots and potatoes, cover and return to oven.
Continue cooking another 45 minutes.
Roast should be fork tender when done.
Remove roast and vegetables from pan, cover with foil to keep warm.
Thicken pan juices for gravy or serve as is.
To make gravy:  Place dutch oven over medium high heat; bring to a simmer .  Mix 3 tablespoons AP flour or corn starch with 1/2 cup cold water until smooth.  Stirring constantly add slurry to simmering pot and cook for another 5 minutes

Submitter: 
MA McBridges
Description: 
The aroma wafting through the house as dinner draws near will have you dancing in anticipation until that first bite hits your taste buds.  If you don't have a dutch oven a heavy duty roasting pan will do.  You can slice, chunk or shred to serve any way you like. Best yet, freeze any left overs in gravy for an easy thaw and serve meal; just fix sides and waahlah, dinner to die for!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
