URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64664860/venison-pot-pie/
Title:
Venison Pot Pie Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/4567987.jpg
Ingredients:
1 pound Venison steak ,  cut into 1" square cubes
Salt, to taste
Black ground pepper, to taste
1 tsp garlic powder
1 tsp onion powder
2 Tbsp flour
2 Tbsp olive oil
2 tsp Worcestershire
3/4 cup Red Wine
1/2 large onion, diced
3 cloves garlic, chopped
1 cup frozen corn
1 cup frozen peas
3 large potatoes, cubed
3 large carrots, cubed
3 stalks celery, sliced
1 1/2 cups fresh mushrooms, sliced
14 oz beef broth
3 Tbsp Corn Starch
2 (12  inch) pie crusts
1/3 cup water
1 egg
2 tsp milk

Directions:
In bowl or plastic bag, season venison with salt, pepper, garlic powder, &  onion powder.  Mix in flour to coat pieces.  Pre-heat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Combine egg and milk (egg-wash) in small bowl.  Set aside.
Heat olive oil in medium sized saucepan over medium heat.  Add onions and garlic and saute until soft and translucent.
Turn heat to high and add venison to pan.  Quickly brown the venison while stirring.   As soon as venison is browned (about 1 - 2 minutes), remove entire mix to bowl.  Set aside.  *** DON'T overcook the venison, it should still be rare inside when taken out of pan.
De-glaze pan with Worcestershire and red wine, making sure to scrape the fond loose from the pan.  Reduce until au sec (almost dry).
Reduce heat to low and add beef broth to pan.  Dissolve the cornstarch with the 1/3 cup of water  and pour into the saucepan of beef broth, whisking constantly. Bring to a simmer and reduce heat; cook for 5 minutes until thickened.
Meanwhile, blanch carrots and potatoes in boiling water/broth for about 2 minutes.     When done, strain out the potatoes and carrots and combine with peas, carrots and venison mix in large bowl.  Mix thoroughly.
Line a 9 1/2" deep dish pie plate with one of the pie crust following the package directions. Place the venison mixture into the pie crust. Pour the gravy over the top of the mixture, spread the sliced mushrooms over top of gravy,  then cover with the other pie crust.  Brush on egg wash and cut vents in top crust. Bake in a preheated oven until the crust is golden brown and you can see the filling bubbling; about 45 minutes to an 1 hour. If edge of crust is getting too dark, cover the edges with aluminum foil until center crust has caught up.  Let cool for 5 minutes before serving.
** Note: any quality cut of venison from rear haunch or loins will work.

Submitter: 
nick_atnite
Description: 
Finally a dish I'm happy to post!  Definitely a family favorite and not hard to make.  I use a deep dish pie pan to accommodate all of the ingredients.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
2 hr
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
