URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64664743/amazing-philly-cheese-steak/
Title:
Amazing philly cheese steak. Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
One green pepper
One half red pepper
One half orange pepper
One half yellow pepper
One serrano or jalapeño pepper
One yellow onion
1lbs(ish) ribeye or New York strip
Creole seasoning or salt
2 tbs minced garlic
Ground black pepper
1 cup mayonnaise
Package of mozzarella cheese
One stick butter
Hoagie rolls
(Optional) Cast iron skillet
(Optional) electric pancake griddle
Cookie sheet

Directions:
Take one cup of mayonnaise and mix in garlic and about half a teaspoon of fresh ground black pepper. Mix thoroughly and set aside make the night before if possible.
Coat skillet with a generous amount of bacon grease, butter, or olive oil and turn stovetop on medium heat.
While your pan gets hot julienne your peppers making sure to remove ribs and seeds from them.
Mince your jalapeño or Serrano pepper and add all of your veggies to pan to sauté until tender but still retain some crunch. Adding salt/creole seasoning halfway through.
When finished with your vegetables transfer them into a container and cover to retain heat.
Take your pan and recoat is with any of the oils/fats listed above.
While your pan heats up again Take your steaks which should be about a quarter inch in thickness and salt (or use creole seasoning) and pepper both sides.
Once pan is hot place your steaks in. If Steaks do not sizzle immediately remove steaks and heat your pan until correct temperature.
Cook steaks for 1 minute and 30 seconds on one side and flip cooking for an additional 30 seconds to achieve a medium rare finish.
Place steaks on a plate tenting with foil and let them rest for 5-10 minutes.
When steaks are finished resting slice them in thin strips across the grain on a bias.(at a 45degree angle.)
While your griddle gets hot On cookie sheet Build your sandwich dressings starting with a layer of steak, sautéed peppers and onions, and top with generous amounts mozzarella and place in over under broiler until cheese blisters and melts. (Be sure to lay it out to the size of your rolls.)
While your cheese is broiling brush melted butter on bread and place face down on griddle or pan until toasted to a golden brown.
Using a long spatula take your sandwich contents and place on bread smear a generous amount of garlic black pepper mayo on top bun and serve open to show the deliciousness contained within.
Substitution for fresh ground pepper: take fine ground black pepper in palm and grind with thumb until fragrant.

Submitter: 
Caleb Vroman
Description: 
The perfect phillly cheese steak.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10
Ready in:
30
Number of servings: 
5
Nutritional Facts:
NA
