URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64665799/no-churn-vegan-pistachio-almond-ice-cream/
Title:
No-Churn Vegan Pistachio-Almond Ice Cream Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 c almonds (see Note 1)
2 c almond milk
1 can (13.5 oz) full-fat coconut milk (see Note 2)
1 c brown sugar
1 c light corn syrup
1 tbs coconut oil
1/4 c + 1 tbs pistachio paste (see Note 3)
1 tbs + 1 tsp vanilla extract
1 tbs + 2 tsp almond extract (optional)
1/2 tsp salt
Drop of green food coloring or a pinch of matcha (optional)

Directions:
Combine almond milk, coconut milk, sugar,  corn syrup, and coconut oil in a medium saucepan, and bring to simmer over medium heat, continuously stirring with a whisk.
Add almonds to blender, and then pour the milk mixture in (see Note 4.) Blend until smooth.
Strain mixture through fine-mesh sieve to remove remaining chunks of almond or pistachios (see Note 5.)
Add remaining ingredients (pistachio paste, vanilla extract, almond extract, salt, and food coloring), and thoroughly combine. If you have an ice cream maker, omit steps 5-6 and prepare ice cream in maker according to manufacturer's instructions.
Pour half of mixture into ice cube trays, cover tray with plastic wrap, and then put tray in the freezer. Store other half of mixture in air-tight container in fridge.
Once ice cream cubes have frozen (~4 hours), remove from freezer and pour frozen cubes and remaining half of unfrozen mixture into blender. Blend until smooth.
Pour ice cream into air-tight container and freeze until frozen, or eat immediately for soft-serve ice cream.
Notes: 1 - Almonds. If you do not have a high-performance blender/food processor, you should soak the almonds first. To soak almonds, either cover almonds with cold water and allow to soak for ~6-8 hours, or quickly soak almonds by covering with boiling water and allowing to soak in an uncovered container for 1 hour. 2 - Coconut milk. Full-fat coconut milk is recommended. Light coconut milk can be used instead, but it won't be as creamy. 3 - Pistachio paste. Pistachio paste can be purchased (I bought mine on Amazon), or made at home. 4 -  Blender. A high-performance blender or food processor is recommended, but other blenders/processors can be used if almonds are soaked beforehand. 5 - Sieve. If you do not have a fine-mesh sieve, cheesecloth or a thin dish towel can be used to strain the mixture.

Submitter: 
Lauren Alivia Morgan
Description: 
This vegan ice cream is luscious, creamy, and delicious, and is made without an ice cream maker.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
55 min
Ready in:
5 h
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
