URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64661407/my-familys-favorite-moist-meatloaf/
Title:
My Family's Favorite Moist Meatloaf Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 lb- 93/7 Extra Lean Ground Beef [or 2 lbs, for a lower fat version, but omit ground pork]
1 lb- ground pork
2 eggs
1 Medium onion, minced
½ cup quick oats-dry, uncooked
½ tsp salt (optional)
Ground black pepper to taste (optional)
1 tsp French's Spicy Brown Mustard
3 Tbsp Ketchup
6 Tbsp Ketchup for topping
Water to surround meatloaf while baking

Directions:
1.  Heat oven to desired baking temperature, then mix together, WITH YOUR HANDS, in a medium mixing bowl:  ground beef, ground pork, eggs, minced onion, uncooked oats, salt, black pepper, mustard, and 3 Tbsp Ketchup. Be sure to mix thoroughly, so that the mixture is well blended and none of the eggs are unincorporated into the mixture, making it slimy. Consistency SHOULD be wet,  but thoroughly mixed. If mixture is too wet, increase uncooked oats in  1-Tbsp amounts until no longer difficult to handle.
2.  Shape by hand into a uniformly oval shaped loaf, and place into Pyrex Flat Baking Pan [2.2 qt/2L].
3.  Cover the top of loaf with the remaining 6 Tbsp Ketchup, then add enough water to surround the loaf to ½-¾" depth. This is what keeps the meatloaf from becoming dried out.
4.  Check periodically during baking. Bake until no pink remains inside, making certain the ketchup topping does not become browned. [Adjust bake time or temperature, accordingly if your first attempt is overcooked or under-cooked due to inaccuracy of oven temperature.]
5.  Remove from oven and allow to rest 5-10 mins, before slicing into ½" slices for serving.

Submitter: 
Joani Johnson
Description: 
My variation on the meatloaf recipe I grew up on.   This recipe can be baked at varying temperatures, if baking potatoes or other side dish at the same time, to allow each to be cooked to your preference,  increase bake time, or to speed up serving readiness. Range from 350°, 375°, or 400°F.  The lower the temperature used, the longer cooking time.  

I usually bake Medium-sized russet potatoes with it @ 375°F for 75 mins., using a  [2.2 qt or 2 L] Pyrex Flat Baking pan. Bake  @ 350°F with potatoes for 90 mins, or bake @ 400°F for 60 mins.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15-20 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
