URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64666305/esquites-mexican-corn-gluten-free-vegetarian/
Title:
Esquites Mexican Corn (gluten free, vegetarian) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/4571749.jpg
Ingredients:
6 ears of corn, removed from cob*
4-6 tablespoons butter
1 tablespoons chopped fresh epazote* or 1-2 teas. dried (optional)
4-6 tablespoons crema (Mexican sour cream)
1-2 tablespoons lemon juice
Queso cotija (non-melting Mexican cheese)
Optional: chipotle powder (or substitute with chili powder)
Optional: Lime wedges for serving

Directions:
In a large skillet, melt butter over medium-medium high heat. Add epazote (optional) and corn. Cook, stirring frequently, for approx. 6 minutes, or until cooked to your liking. Remove pan from the burner.
Mix together the lemon juice & crema . Salt to taste. Mix the crema mixture with the hot corn. Transfer to serving dish. Let cool to room temperature.
Sprinkle with queso cotija and dust with chipotle powder. Serve with lime wedges.
Best served at room temperature.
HINTS:
* An easy tip to get corn off the cob. Put a small plastic bowl upside down inside a larger bowl. Put the corn vertically on top of the small bowl & cut off the corn with a knife. The corn will fall inside the bigger bowl, preventing corn from flying all over the kitchen. Best made with fresh corn, but you can use frozen corn when fresh isn’t available.
*Epazote is an herb/weed. It can be hard to find fresh, but dried is found in most grocery stores with other dried Mexican herbs. If you can’t find it near you, you can omit and the corn is still delicious.
* Do-ahead Tip: you can prepare corn through Step 2. When ready to serve, bring to room temperature (not hot), in the microwave and proceed with finishing the dish.

Submitter: 
LB
Description: 
An off-the-cob version of the sweet, smokey Mexican Corn served from street vendors. This is best made with fresh sweet corn, but frozen can work when you're looking for that perfect comfort dish in off-season months. The flavors of this dish are versatile -- enjoy as a side with any Mexican or BBQ fare  such as enchiladas, tacos, grilled/roasted chicken, BBQ pork or burgers.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
20
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
