URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64666884/red-lentil-soup-with-greens-and-coconut-milk/
Title:
Red Lentil Soup with greens and coconut milk Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
¼ cup extra-virgin olive oil
¼ teaspoon red chili flakes
2 large onions in ¼-inch dice (4 - 6 cups)
1 tablespoon ground cumin
1 teaspoon turmeric
1 teaspoon freshly ground pepper
1 tablespoon salt
Optional:  ½ pound fresh sausage – pork, lamb, or chicken
2 tablespoons freshly crushed garlic
6 cups water
1 – 3 cups sliced stems from greens (see note)
2 cups (or about 1 pound) red lentils
1 can (28 ounces) diced tomatoes (preferably “petite-cut”)
1 can (14 ounces) coconut milk (not “lite”!)
2 bunches chard or other greens, cleaned, leaves chopped in bite-sized pieces (12 – 16 cups) and stems in ¼-inch slices
Optional: chopped fresh cilantro and crumbled feta cheese – see step 8

Directions:
1.        Heat oil in a sturdy 12-quart pot over medium-high heat.  Add chilies, onion, cumin, turmeric, salt, and pepper.  Sauté for 15 minutes or until onions are tender.
2.        Add optional sausage and garlic, and sauté until meat is well broken up and browned.
3.        Add water, sliced stems, and lentils.  Bring to the boil, and then reduce heat to low and simmer for 30 minutes.
4.        Add canned tomatoes (with juice) and coconut milk.  Leave heat at medium-high until mixture comes back to a simmer, and then reduce heat to medium-low.
5.        Add chopped greens to the soup.  (Small pieces are easier to eat than strips, which tend to hang off the spoon and slap your chin.)  If you have a lot of greens (which I hope you do) you may need to poke them into the soup a few times while they settle down.  You won’t have too much!
6.        Return heat to medium high to bring soup back to a simmer, and then reduce heat and cook for ½ - 1 hour, or until stem parts are tender.  (Remember, the longer greens cook, the more their color tends to fade.)  Scrape the bottom of the pot from time to time – the lentils tend to settle and stick.
7.        Taste for salt – this soup really benefits from enough salt.
8.        Optional: chop a bunch of cilantro, add half of it to soup just before serving, and serve remaining cilantro on the side with a bowl of crumbled feta cheese to sprinkle over individual bowls.
Notes: Chard and beet greens are my favorites for this soup because their leaves and stems are more tender than those of kale and collard greens, and cook more quickly.  Whichever you use, make sure you add the sliced stems early– they can take long time to become tender.

Submitter: 
Tiffany Donnelly
Description: 
I like red lentils for this soup because they melt so politely into the background of the soup, while their texture imparts a gravitas appropriate for a main course soup.  You can get away with making this a few hours before serving it as long as you make very sure that, at each step of the preparation, everything in the pot is thoroughly cooked before the next ingredients are added – and when using kale and collard stems, slice thinly and add early!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 min
Ready in:
2 hrs
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
