URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64668009/instant-pot-white-chicken-chili/
Title:
Instant Pot White Chicken Chili Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Ingredients
1 to 1 1/2 pound skinless, boneless chicken breast (or 6 frozen boneless skinless chicken thighs)
2 C onion, chopped
4 cloves garlic, chopped
3/4 lb dried northern (or navy) beans, soaked, rinsed and drained
4 C chicken broth
2 (4 ounce) cans chopped green chiles
1 1/2 t salt
1 1/2 t ground cumin
1 1/2 t dried oregano
1 t ground black pepper
1/2 t cayenne pepper
1 t chili powder
1 cup sour cream
1/2 cup heavy whipping cream
Optional Toppings: Shredded Cheese, Sour Cream, Crumbled Bacon

Directions:
1. In a large mixing bowl, add the sorted dried navy beans and fill the bowl with enough water to cover the beans by several inches. Set aside to soak while you prepare the remaining ingredients.
2. To the Instant Pot bowl, add the chopped onion, garlic cloves, salt, chili powder, cumin, coriander, oregano, black pepper, cayenne pepper, green chilis, and chicken broth.
3. Use a colander to rinse and strain the beans.  Discard the soaking liquid.
4. Add the beans to the Instant Pot and stir all ingredients.  Add the chicken, push them down into the chili mix.
5. Place the lid on the Instant Pot and ensure the steam release valve is set to sealing. Press the “Bean/Chili” key, which will show 30 minutes of cooking time, and then increase the time to 45 minutes.
6. When the Instant Pot is done cooking, let it cool down/warm for 15 minutes, and then flip the steam release valve to venting, to let the Instant Pot come down from pressure.
7. When the pressure is released, open the lid of the Instant Pot and remove the chicken.  Shred the chicken, return to chili and stir.
8. Stir in the sour cream and heavy whipping cream until incorporated, right before serving.
9. Add optional toppings as desired/

Submitter: 
Lisa Kohler
Description: 
This is a delicious recipe that won my work chili cook-off and soup cook-off.  This recipe can be doubled in an 8qt instant pot.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
