URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64660658/easy-homemade-pizza-three-different-ways/
Title:
Easy Homemade Pizza: Three Different Ways Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/4562436.jpg
Ingredients:
Base Recipe:
4  cups Flour Plus more for rolling and flouring pizza peel
1 1/2 tsp Yeast
2 1/2 tsp  Salt
2 1/2 tbs  olive oil
1 1/4 to 1 1/2 cups Water approximately, add more if dough is dry, or add a scant amount of flour if dough is too sticky
Cornmeal To prevent pizza from sticking to pizza peel
1  container Pomi Strained Tomatoes
1 16 oz package Real Mozzarella one package is enough for all pizzas unless you like a lot of cheese, then use more, but be aware that pizza will be greasier
Optional Toppings: Use a combination of no more than 3 to 4 of these toppings. Topping amounts are for one large or 2 small pizzas.
8  oz cooked Italian sausage drained
1 package prosciutto
1 handful torn basil
5 thinly sliced mushrooms
1/2 thinly sliced green pepper
scant amount truffle oil
pepperoni
1 handful spinach
sliced olives
1 sliced tomato, patted dry with a paper towel

Directions:
Dough:
Combine flour, yeast and salt in container of food processor and process for a few seconds until combined
Add olive oil and process for a few seconds more
Put lid on the food processor. With processor running, pour water in slowly through the feed tube until the dough forms a ball and process for 30 seconds. Add more water if dough is dry or flour if it is too sticky.
Place dough in a greased bowl, cover with plastic wrap and let rise for two hours, or until doubled. Alternatively, let the dough rise for as long as time allows and then place in fridge to rise slowly.
Dough can also be made by hand: combine dry ingredients in a glass bowl, add wet ingredients and stir with a wooden spoon until combined. Knead dough for 5-10 minutes on a lightly floured surface then let rise in a greased bowl covered in plastic wrap.
Dough can also be made in a stand mixer: with regular paddle attached combine dry ingredients and mix to combine. Add wet ingredients and mix until combined. Switch to dough hook and knead dough for 5-7 minutes. Let rise in a covered grease bowl.
Assembling and cooking pizza
For Oven: Place pizza stone in the oven and preheat to 500 degrees.
For grill: Place pizza stone in grill and pre-heat. If you don't have a stone, just preheat grill.
For Outdoor Pizza Oven: get fire going in the pizza oven. This requires baby-sitting, so it really is better as a two-person job. One of you can assemble pizzas and the other one keeps an eye on the fire, beer in hand.
Gather toppings. Thinly slice vegetables. Slice up cheese and pat dry with a paper towel. Open up a container of Pomi Strained Tomatoes. Pre-cook any sausages or uncooked meats and drain.
Divide dough into as many pizzas as you are making on a lightly floured surface (anywhere from two large to 4 small pizzas). Push dough down into a disc shape. Cover and let rest for 5 to 10 minutes to let the dough relax.
Roll out pizza dough on a floured surface. When rolling into a circular shape, it's easiest to have a system for rolling. Try to roll the same number of times in each direction (think of the pizza as a compass, North, South, East, West. You'll get an even rounder pizza if you roll it North to South, then Northeast to Southwest, then East to West, then Northwest to Southeast, and so on if that makes sense).
For Oven: Take pizza stone out of oven and place dough onto it. Add a 2-4 tbs of sauce on your pizza depending on size of your pizza and spread with the back of a spoon. Add mozzarella cheese then top with remaining toppings. Alternatively, assemble pizza on a pizza peel covered in cornmeal and slide onto pizza stone in oven. Cook pizza until browned, turning halfway through. Time will vary depending on size of your pizza and your oven, anywhere from 8 to 16 minute

Submitter: 
Countryesque Kati
Description: 
https://www.countryesque.com/recipe/easy-homemade-pizza-three-ways/
Easy, delicious pizza at home either in the oven, on the grill, or in an Uuni pizza oven. Dough is easy to assemble using a food processor, but can also be made by hand or with a stand mixer.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 min
Ready in:
3 h
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
