URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64666044/hearty-chicken-potato-chowder/
Title:
Hearty Chicken Potato Chowder Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
6 medium potatoes, peeled and chopped chunky
4 medium carrots, peeled and thick sliced
2 stalks celery, sliced
2 tubs Knorr Homestyle Chicken Stock
12-16 ounces bacon, cut into pieces
1 yellow or white onion, chopped
1 lb chicken breast, cooked and chopped
1 1/2 cups frozen corn
salt
pepper
3-4 Tbs flour
1 1/2 half n' half (milk or broth may be substituted)

Directions:
1. Bring potatoes, carrots, celery, and stock to boil in enough water to cover all vegetables by 2 inches (aroximately 64 ounces of water) in large stock pot.
2.While vegetables are heating up, cook chopped bacon and chopped onion in a skillet until bacon crisp and onion translucent.
3. With a slotted spoon, remove bacon and onion mixture from pan, drain on paper towel.
4. dredge flour in enough bacon grease to make a rue. Stirring constantly for 1 min. Add half n' half in small increments contstantly stirring to thicken. Stir mixture into vegetable pot.
5. Stir in chopped chicken, bacon mixture, and corn. Continue to simmer until vegetables tender.
6.Add salt and pepper to taste (optional)
Add ins: I have used any of the combinations below to this chowder for a twist:
1. Stir in 2 cans chopped green chiles for a mild flavor twist. Or for more zip use jalepeno, or dried chile pepper. Stir in 16 ounce can black beans rinsed with the corn.
2. Use chopped ham or smoked sausage in place of bacon and chicken. Cook with onion and add to pot. Use 1/4 cup butter or margarine in place of bacon grease to make rue.

Submitter: 
Robin Whitworth
Description: 
This chunky chowder is a cold weather favorite in our household and can be put together on top of the stove or in the crockpot.  The story behind this rich chowder started out with my grandmother's basic potato soup recipe and a need to use up what I had in the vegetable bin. This is such a versatile soup you can add your own favorite spices and veggies or just the basic recipe alone. Hope your family enjoys as much as we do!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
