URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64669157/easy-swedish-meatloaf-gluten-free/
Title:
Easy Swedish Meatloaf, gluten free Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 pound lean ground turkey (not extra lean)
1 pound lean ground turkey sausage
2 eggs
1 small or medium yellow onion chopped up well
1 tablespoon chopped fine mild garlic
2 tablespoons butter
1 teaspoon beef bullion paste, or one cube
1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce
2 teaspoons A-1 Steak sauce
1/2 teaspoon sweet paprika, or smoked
1/2 nutmeg
1 teaspoon allspice
1 teaspoon dried parsley
1 packet of stevia sweetener, or 2 teaspoons sugar
gravy:
I use a quality brown gravy mix, and add a squeeze of lemon juice, maybe a teaspoon,
with one bay leaf and make according to directions on package,  place some over the
meatloaf the last 15-20 minutes of bake time.  Be sure to make enough if you want
extra gravy on mashed potatoes or noodles.

Directions:
First prepare a loaf pan by spraying non stick spray.  On stove topp, in saute pan, put the butter, chopped onions and garlic to saute for about 5 minutes, stirring in the Worcestershire sauce and A-1, plus one teaspoon of beef bullion paste.  Set aside to cool a little.
Take a large mixing bowl and put in the eggs, ground turkey and sausage along with spices
and 1/2 cup gluten free oatmeal, or bread crumbs of choice.  Add the cooled sautee'd onions, garlic and sauces mixed in with bullion paste.  Mix well by hand, place into loaf pan and cover
and cool in refrigerator for about 1-2 hours.  Overnight is fine or even freeze this at this point.
To bake, about 350 degree oven uncovered for approximately 1-1/2 hours until done.  I drain the liquid as it builds up. Then top with ready made brown gravy (per instructions with lemon and bay leaf) about the last 15-20 minutes before done baking.   Make plenty of the brown gravy as this is perfect with mashed potatoes or anything you like.  I like to  bake squash during the cooking time  too in the autumn as a side dish to the meatloaf.

Submitter: 
gem bee
Description: 
This is my take on a family favorite of Swedish Meatballs but usually made only holidays.  With this, it can be like that delicious taste, but any day you desire!  A quick, easy, quite healthy meatloaf in fact.  I make it gluten free for us with GF oatmeal instead of bread, but of course, you can use any white bread, or gluten free bread crumbs in yours.  This flavor resembles that of a 
beef and pork recipe somewhat and ever so good!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 min.
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
