URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64661761/roasted-corn-and-cauliflower-coconut-soup/
Title:
Roasted Corn and Cauliflower Coconut Soup Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/4565019.jpg
Ingredients:
4-5 cobs of corn, husked, kernels removed from cob (TIP - cut the kernels in a big bowl with an inverted smaller bowl inside of it, preferably one with a little lip to keep the corn from sliding.  After you cut off the kernels, scrape the sides of the husk with your knife to get the cornstarch into the bowl too)
1 cauliflower, cut into small florets (TIP - I cut it into very tiny florets because the cauliflower cooks less quickly than the corn)
2 tablespoons olive oil
2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar
1 teaspoon Italian seasoning (I actually used 0.5tsp Italian seasoning and 0.5 tsp Spicy Spike seasoning)
1 teaspoon garlic powder
1 teaspoon onion powder
Salt & pepper, to taste
1 (13.5 ounce) can coconut milk, room temperature
2 cups vegetable broth + extra if needed

Directions:
Preheat oven to 400F (or 375F convection bake). Move the rack to the top third of the oven.
Place your corn kernels and cauliflower florets on a large baking sheet. Toss them with the oil, vinegar, seasonings, and salt & pepper (TIP - bake everything on parchment paper so it doesn't stick to the pan)
Roast the corn and cauliflower for 30 minutes (25 minutes convection bake, stirring once halfway through)
Shake the coconut milk prior to opening the can.
Once the veggies are done roasting, reserve a small amount of corn to use as a garnish.  Add half of the rest of the veggies to your blender along with half the coconut milk and half the broth. Blend until smooth, then transfer it to a pot. Repeat with the second batch.  Or just blend everything in one pot or bowl with an immersion blender.
Heat the soup through and add more broth or water if needed to thin it out further. Adjust seasonings as needed.
Add reserved roasted corn as a garnish.  Serve with crusty bread, crackers or lime Tostitos.  Might be good with a little lime juice too.

Submitter: 
HDN
Description: 
Roasted corn and cauliflower with the balsamic mixture - really good on its own if you don't want to make the whole soup!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
50 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
