URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64668197/oatmeal-dried-cherry-cookies/
Title:
Oatmeal & Dried Cherry Cookies Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/4576690.jpg
Ingredients:
1 stick butter or margarine, softened
1 cup packed brown sugar
1 tbsp vanilla extract
1 egg
1/2 tsp baking soda
1/2 tsp salt
1 cup flour
2 cups oats
optional: 1/2 cup chopped nuts (walnuts, pecans, etc.), and/or 1/2 cup white chocolate chips

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees.
Cream together softened butter/margarine and brown sugar, then add vanilla and stir. If using electric mixer, add egg and turn mixer speed to high to until well-blended. If hand-mixing, beat egg separately in small bowl with a whisk before adding to creamed sugar mixture.
Combine baking soda, salt and flour in a separate bowl and stir to blend. Slowly add flour mixture to the creamed sugar/egg/vanilla, stirring gently or with mixer on low speed until a thin dough forms. Add oats slowly, mixing the same as when you added the flour, until you have a thick cookie dough. If desired, stir in chopped nuts and/or chocolate chips.
Form dough into balls and bake on lightly greased cookie sheet at 350 degrees for 8-12 minutes depending on your desired level of crispness (less time for soft, chewy cookies; longer for crispy, golden-brown cookies).
Remove cookies, allow to cool until set (if baked less time for chewy version). Cookies baked longer will already be crispy and ready to eat as soon as they're cool to the touch.
Tip: store any cookies that won't be eaten within a few hours in a sealed, airtight container for best results (this prevents them from becoming stale). Cookies stored in plastic baggies will dry out and become stale much more quickly.
Tip: if making a batch that is expected to last more than a day or two, use margarine instead of butter - this will also help the cookies to taste fresh longer.
Yields about 16 - 24 cookies, depending on how large (or small) you make them.

Submitter: 
Leah Jane
Description: 
null
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
