URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64669212/guilt-free-quiche/
Title:
Guilt Free Quiche Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/4579057.jpg
Ingredients:
1/4 Cup Chickpea Flour
1/4 Cup All Purpose Flour
2 Tablespoons Coconut Flour
1/4 Cup Brown Rice Flour
1/4 Teaspoon Himalayan Salt Or to taste
1/4 Cup Avocado Oil Or oil of choice
1/4 Cup Ice Water
2 Whole Eggs
4 Cups Spinach Chopped
6 Tablespoons Egg Whites or 3 cracked egg whites
1/2 Cup All Purpose Flour
1.5 Cups 2% Reduced Fat milk
4 Oz Cheddar Cheese Shredded
8 Oz Mushrooms Chopped
4 Tablespoons Sundried Tomatoes Chopped
4 Slices Turkey Bacon Chopped

Directions:
Whisk together the chickpea flour, all purpose flour, coconut flour, brown rice flour, and salt.
Beat the cup coconut oil and ice water with whisk or fork to thicken.
Pour the wet mixture into the dry mixture and knead together until a dough is formed.
Press the dough into 9" pie pan.
Bake at 350F for 10 minutes.
Remove from oven and let cool.
Cook the spinach, turkey bacon, mushroom, and sun-dried tomato in a nonstick pan on medium flame for 10 minutes, stirring occasionally.
Pour cooked mixture into cooled pie crust.
Beat the whole eggs plus egg whites, all purpose flour, milk, and cheddar cheese all together.
Pour the egg mixture over the cooked mixture into the pie crust.
Bake at 350F for 35 minutes
Remove from the oven and let cool.
Cut into 6 slices and serve warm or cold.

Submitter: 
Oh Tri Goodness
Description: 
I refused to believe summer was coming to an end until we had some early morning rain over the weekend. Though I’ll miss basking in the summer sun & splashing in warm bay waters, I’m starting to remember the joys of fall and winter. Brunch is hardly under-appreciated year round, but it’s even more savory and delectable in the cooler seasons. The great thing about quiche, though, is that it’s versatile enough to fit any season or mood based on what ingredients you choose.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15
Ready in:
50
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
