URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64667934/green-chile-chicken-enchilada-casserole/
Title:
Green Chile Chicken Enchilada Casserole Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/4576035.jpg
Ingredients:
2 tbsp butter
3 chicken breasts
3 garlic cloves
Half of one lime
3 poblano peppers (or to taste, reduce if you don't like heat)
4 jalapenos (or to taste, reduce if you don't like heat)
10 Corn tortillas
Green enchilada sauce (I used Old El Paso 28 oz can)
2 cups if cheese (I used quesadilla and Mexican blend)
Chopped Cilantro to taste

Directions:
1. Melt butter in large skillet on medium heat. Trim chicken and cut into large chunks. Rough chop 1 of the poblano peppers and 1 jalapeno. Mince garlic cloves. Add all to the skillet. Squeeze lime over mixture and add lime rind to skillet. Cook, covered, for about 20-25 minutes or until chicken juices run clear stirring occasionally. Remove from heat and cool.
2. Roast other 2 poblano peppers and jalapeno peppers under broiler or open flame. While they are roasting chop chicken into small pieces (your size preference) and place into a bowl. Once peppers are roasted, place peppers on top of chicken mixture, cover and let steam for 10 minutes. Peel skin from peppers, cut open and remove seeds and slice peppers.
3. Preheat oven to 375 degrees.
4. Place small amount of enchilada sauce on bottom of 9X13 pan, just enough to cover the bottom. Place 5 Corn tortillas on bottom of dish. Place half of sliced poblano peppers, half of jalapeno peppers on top of tortillas. Then lay out half of chicken and half of cheese on top of the peppers. Spoon half of the enchilada sauce on top of cheese layer. Repeat layering steps. Top with chopped cilantro. Bake for 25 minutes until cheese is melty and browning.

Submitter: 
Alicia
Description: 
A warm gooey way to eat enchiladas without having to roll each one out. Perfect for cold evenings or just when you have a craving for enchiladas.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
45
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
