URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64669978/cheeseburger-meatloaf/
Title:
Cheeseburger Meatloaf Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/4580823.jpg
Ingredients:
2 tsp. dried parsley
1 small onion, finely chopped
1 stalk celery, finely chopped
Cracked black pepper and salt
1 lb. ground beef
1/2 lb. ground pork
1/3-1/2 cup plain bread crumbs
1 egg
1 T. Worcestershire sauce
1 T. prepared yellow mustard
2 cloves garlic, minced
3/4 c. shredded sharp cheddar cheese
Montreal Steak Seasoning

Directions:
Sautee onion, celery, and parsley in olive oil with cracked black pepper and salt until onions are soft and translucent.
In a medium bowl, combine ground beef, ground pork, bread crumbs, egg, Worcestershire sauce, mustard, garlic, and sautéed veggies (cooled slightly).  Add additional salt and pepper to your liking.  Mix well with hands.
Lay out a piece of wax paper on the counter or table. Spread meat mixture and pat out on the wax paper to form a flat rectangle, about 12" x 7".  Be sure and spread evenly and pat so there are no holes.
Sprinkle cheese evenly over meat, leaving a one inch margin around all of the edges.
Starting at the narrow end, pull up wax paper and gently roll up the meatloaf.  Tuck and seal ends and seams so the cheese does not ooze out while cooking. I like to cut a piece of parchment paper that will fit my loaf pan, place over the meatloaf, turn over and then lay it in the pan.  I trim the extra paper evenly with the pan. Sprinkle the top with Montreal Steak Seasoning.
Bake at 350 degrees for 50-60 minutes, or until meat thermometer placed in center of the loaf reads 160 degrees.
Remove from the oven.  Remove from the pan and allow to rest on the platter for about 10 minutes before cutting so that the cheese does not run out. Enjoy as is or with ketchup or steak sauce, or my favorite, the Pioneer Woman's meatloaf topping. It can be topped with this topping or ketchup before baking, or spooned on after!

Submitter: 
Linda In Da Kitchen
Description: 
Meatloaf with a swirl of cheddar cheese!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
