URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64660650/instant-pot-spaghetti-and-meatballs/
Title:
Instant Pot Spaghetti and Meatballs Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/4562430.jpg
Ingredients:
Meatballs:
1 package Ground beef
1 Onion, sliced in half
1 Egg
1 tbs Parsley, minced
1 tbs Bread crumbs
1 tsp Salt
1  tsp Dijon mustard
Cracked pepper to taste
Olive oil for sautéing
Spaghetti Sauce:
1 28 ounce Canned, pureed tomatoes
Remaining sliced onion
1-2 tbs Butter
Remaining Ingredients:
1 package Spaghetti
Parmesan cheese freshly grated

Directions:
For the Meatballs:
Using an instant pot, press the sauté setting and allow pot to heat. Mince parsley and grate onion into bowl from just one half of your onion. Stop before it gets too close to your fingers and set the rest aside for the sauce.
Combine all the rest of the ingredients for the meatballs in your bowl and mix together. When your instant pot is hot, add a scant amount of oil to coat the bottom and start forming meatballs and add to your pot.
Cook meatballs for 5-7 minutes, then turn. You may have to cook them in batches in a smaller instant pot.
For the Sauce:
Once your meatballs are browned on both sides, add canned, pureed tomatoes, second half of onion along with whatever onion was leftover after grating, 1 tsp of salt, and 1-2 tbs of butter. Set the instant pot for the meat/stew setting and pressure cook for 20 minutes.
For Pasta:
Meanwhile, cook package of spaghetti noodles in salted water until al dente (should still be slightly chewy and not completely soft). Remove noodles from water and add a small amount of olive oil or butter to keep noodles from sticking.
Finishing The Dish:
Use the quick release method to release pressure once instant pot is done cooking. Remove onion and discard.  Serve sauce over noodles and grate parmesan cheese over the top.

Submitter: 
Countryesque Kati
Description: 
https://www.countryesque.com/recipe/instant-pot-spaghetti-and-meatballs/
Instant Pot Spaghetti & Meatballs
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10
Ready in:
40
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
