URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64674989/instant-pot-provencal-honey-lemon-chicken/
Title:
Instant Pot Provencal Honey Lemon Chicken Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/4627582.jpg
Ingredients:
6 Chicken legs + 4 chicken thighs
3 Tbsp Herbs de Provence
2 + 1 Tbsp Extra virgin olive oil
2 cloves of garlic (sliced)
1 1/2 cups Chicken stock
Finely grated zest and juice of 1 lemon
4 Tbsp of Honey
2 sprigs of Thyme
1 Tbsp Lavender
2 tsp corn starch

Directions:
1. Rub the Herbs de Provence into chicken
2. Set your Instant Pot to saute and add 2 Tbsp of olive oil with 2 cloves of garlic
3. Brown both side of the chicken (we are just searing the skin not trying to actually cook it here)
4. Once browned remove chicken from the pot and set aside
5. Add 1.5 cups of Chicken stock to the instant pot then put your instant pot rack inside, ifyou do not have a rack you can use foil, it is also possible to just place the chicken in the liquid but the skin will probably be even soggier ( the one downfall of instant pot cooking)
6. Place the chicken back in the instant pot  on the rack, place the lid on and seal, set the time to 25 minutes on high pressure.
7. While the chicken is cooking prepare the sauce: In a small bowl or glass measuring cup whisk together: Lemon zest and juice, 1 Tbsp of olive oil, 4 Tbsp of honey, the leaves from 2 sprigs of thyme and 1 Tbsp of lavender (if you want the get even more flavor run the lavender through a coffee grinder real quick, it help to release more floral flavor)
8. Once the instant pot is done cooking do a quick release on the vent, then place your chicken on a foil lined baking sheet
9.  brush your sauce liberally over the chicken, you should have a little left over, set that to the side.
10. Pop the chicken in the oven set to broil, This took me about 2 minutes but every oven if different so PLEASE keep your eye on it, remove the chicken as soon as it has browned.
11. In a sauce pan mix your remaining sauce and one ladle of liquid from the Instant pot over medium high heat, whisk in 2 tsp of corn starch and boil until reduced by at least 1/2 or until your desired consistency, whisking frequently so if does not burn. I serve the sauce to the side so anyone who wants to can use it.
12.  Plate it up and enjoy!

Submitter: 
Cambria_Mae
Description: 
I love the blend of Herbs de Provence, Honey, Lemon and lavender. The acidity of the lemon perfectly balances the sweetness of the honey. This dish is always a hit and all five of my children cheer when I place this on the table. I use an instant pot but this recipe can be easily adapted to be baked in the oven instead. I hope you enjoy it as much as my family does.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
4
Ready in:
40 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
