URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64670006/cropsi-sweet-cottage-cheese-rice-pie/
Title:
Cropsi (sweet cottage cheese & rice pie) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/4580895.jpg
Ingredients:
2 - 9" deep dish pie shells, baked and cooled
1 cup long grain rice
1.5 cups homo milk, scalded
1 lb DRY cottage cheese (454 gm - or a bit more than 1 medium container)
250 ml sour cream (14%)
3 egg yolks
1 cup white sugar
3 egg whites (or 4 if you prefer)
1 Tbsp Lemon Juice
1 Tbsp lemon rind (optional)
1 Tbsp cinnamon
1 cup raisins
Toppings (optional): ground walnuts, cinnamon

Directions:
Put rice in pot with 1 3/4 cup water and bring to a boil, cook till it's half done (do not cook completely).  Add the raisins (optional) and scalded milk and let simmer for 10 - 15 mins
Meanwhile, mix the cottage cheese and sour cream together in a large mixing bowl.  In a separate bowl, beat the egg yolks and sugar together, then fold into the cheese/sour cream mix. In another bowl, beat the egg whites until stiff peaks form (may add a bit of sugar) then fold into the cheese/sugar mixture.
Gently fold the cooled, cooked rice into the cheese mixture.  If rice is sticky, break it up  gently before adding to the cheese mixture. This is the pie filling - mix it gently.
Add pie filling to the pie shells.  sprinkle with toppings (optional)
Bake in 350F oven for 20 - 25 minutes.  Filling should be set all the way through (firm) but still have a slight jiggle in center.
Let cool completely then slice and serve.  Refrigerate unused portion.

Submitter: 
Catherine Parnell-Proulx
Description: 
I have no idea where this recipe originates from, but it was given to me by a friend to play with - his mom used to make it.   As with most old recipes, the directions were vague at best. So here is my version of this heirloom dessert - it's a lot like a rice pudding pie but the cottage cheese and sour cream give it a really unique flavour and texture.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
NA
