URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64678847/easy-breezy-bow-tie-pasta-with-chicken-sun-dried-tomatos/
Title:
Easy Breezy Bow Tie Pasta with Chicken & Sun-Dried Tomatos Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/4814579.jpg
Ingredients:
16 oz. Farfalle bow tie pasta
8 oz.  thawed frozen rotisserie (or grilled) chicken breast strips with rib meat, cut into small bites (basically 1/2 package of 1 lb John Sules Foods frozen Rotisserie seasoned strips)
4 Tbsp.  Extra Virgin Olive oil
3 cloves garlic, sliced with truffle slicer (or can be minced if no truffle slicer available)
1 1/4 tsp. kosher salt
1 1/4 tsp. garlic powder
1 1/4 tsp. dried oregano
1 1/4 tsp. dried basil
1 cup Julienne sun dried tomatoes (packed in herb oil) drained but reserve 3-4 Tbsp of oil to side
1/4 - 1/2 cup grated Romano cheese for topping
Dash crushed red pepper flakes

Directions:
In large pot bring lightly salted water to a boil and add bow tie pasta; boil to al dente (tender yet firm) approximately 8 to 10 minutes.
Drain pasta and set to side.
Heat olive oil and a large skillet over medium-high heat and add garlic slices, kosher salt, garlic powder, dried basil, dried oregano and mix till combined.  Mix in thawed chicken bites and coat till heated through approximately 5-8 minutes.
Add Julienne sun dried tomatoes and continue to cook approximately 2 more minutes.
Remove from heat.
Add pasta to skillet and toss with chicken and sun dried tomatoes till coated.
Add 2-3 Tbsp of reserved sun-dried herb oil; mix till combined.
Top with grated Romano cheese and dash with red pepper flakes for a little extra kick.

Submitter: 
Sahara B
Description: 
Easy breezy and super quick to prepare. Packed with flavor, this pasta dish that always pleases and typically there are never leftovers.  I have always loved the savory flavor of sun-dried tomatoes, chicken and garlic together. Serve with garlic bread, small side Caesar salad and a nice glass of Pinot noir. Voila...perfectly balanced.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15
Ready in:
30
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
