URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64677028/bell-pepper-gratin-with-fennel-and-mushrooms/
Title:
Bell Pepper Gratin with Fennel and Mushrooms Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/4710353.jpg
Ingredients:
Four Bell Peppers, any color or mix of colors
Two Fennel Bulbs, stalks removed (save the fronds)
Two Portobello Mushroom Caps, diced
Five Button Mushroom Caps, diced
4 Tbsp Butter
One Cup Gruyère Cheese, grated
¼ Cup Parmesan Cheese, grated
1½ Tbsp Flour
¾ Cup Heavy Cream
2-3 Tbsp Chicken Broth
Salt and Pepper to Taste
A Pinch of Ground Nutmeg (optional)
One Clove Garlic, minced (optional)

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 375 degrees Fahrenheit.
Rinse the bell peppers, slice them into halves, and de-seed them. Place the slices face-down on a baking dish coated with aluminum foil and bake for 15 minutes.
Wash and dice the mushrooms, and wash and chop the fennel bulbs (remove the stalks but save the fronds for later). Mince the garlic if you are using it. Sauté the mushroom and fennel pieces in melted butter until the fennel pieces are golden (about 10-15 minutes). Add minced garlic during the last minute.
Once the bell peppers are done, remove them from the oven and chop them into pieces. Add them to the sauté mixture.
Turn the oven temperature up to 400 degrees Fahrenheit for baking the gratin.
Mix with a wooden spoon until you have a nice, thick white sauce, then add ½ cup of Gruyère cheese (save the other half). Turn the heat off once the cheese has melted.
Add about half the sauté mixture to a baking dish. Sprinkle some garnish Gruyère cheese, along with salt and pepper and nutmeg. Add the remainder of the sauté mixture, then add chicken broth in parts (to prevent it from creating air bubbles). Top with the remainder of the Gruyère, along with Parmesan, nutmeg, and fennel fronds for garnish. Add more salt and pepper if desired.
Bake for 18-20 minutes. Use a spoon or spatula to scoop a portion out, place it on a plate, and serve.

Submitter: 
Chef AidF
Description: 
I used some Allrecipes inspiration to create this dish, as well as some of the process I used to make my Zucchini Gratin. It's a perfect Christmas side dish or an everyday entrée!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
50 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
