URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64675661/tiger-rolls/
Title:
Tiger Rolls Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
16oz lukewarm water
2 large eggs
4oz unsalted butter, melted
2.5oz whole milk powder
4oz sugar
34oz bread flour (plus extra if needed)
5 teaspoons instant yeast (I use SAF gold made for sweet doughs)
Cake mix schmear
1 box devil’s food or chocolate cake mix
2 sticks butter, melted
Whipped cream cheese frosting
2 sticks of butter, softened
16oz cream cheese, room temp
4-5 cups powdered sugar
4oz heavy whipping cream

Directions:
Add ingredients (water through yeast) in order listed to the mixing bowl of a stand mixer (a full batch is too large for a bread machine).
Knead with the bread hook on low until the dough forms a smooth ball and is just slightly tacky.
Cover with plastic wrap and let rise until doubled or very puffy (30 mins to 1 hour)
Punch down and divide into two equal balls using a kitchen scale.
Roll one ball into a large rectangle about 12” x 18” and spread the cake mix schmear (see below) over the dough, leaving a 1” border on one of the short ends so you can pinch the roll closed.
Roll up and pinch the roll closed lengthwise. And cut into 12 equal rolls about 1” thick.
Pro-tip: use unflavored dental floss by sliding it under the roll, wrapping each end around the roll so they form an X, and pulling to cut through the dough.
Place in a buttered 13x9” pan, cover with plastic wrap, and let rise until very puffy (30 mins to 1 hour).
Repeat with other dough ball.
While rolls are rising, preheat oven to 350°. (On top of a warm oven is a great place to let them rise)
Bake rolls for 30-35 mins.
Let cool completely before frosting.
Frost with icing (see below) and enjoy!
Best warmed slightly in the microwave before consuming (10-15 seconds).
Cake mix schmear:
In a large bowl, mix cake mix and melted butter until thoroughly combined.
It will look like thick brownie batter.
Whipped cream cheese frosting
In the bowl of a stand mixer and using the paddle attachment, beat butter and cream cheese until smooth and no lumps of either remain.
Add 4 cups of the powdered sugar and mix on low to combine.
Add the heavy whipping cream and beat on low for a few seconds, then beat on high for 30 seconds until the frosting is light and fluffy. If needed, add the extra powdered sugar by the 1/2 cup, beating on low to combine, then whipping on high for a few seconds.

Submitter: 
PolyTheWicked
Description: 
Warning: these aren’t for the faint of heart. Here be lots O’ butter!
I came up with these sweet rolls modeled after a mashup of one of my favorite doughnuts - the tiger tail - and cinnamon rolls. I’d been thinking about Love’n Bake’s chocolate schmear and how that would taste in a cinnamon roll. A local doughnut shop makes tiger tails by spreading the doughnut dough with butter and devil’s food cake mix, then frying. When I usually make cinnamon rolls, I make a cinnamon schmear with soft butter, cinnamon, and brown sugar because I feel it’s easier and more consistent. So I tried a similar me
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
NA
