URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64675348/big-rays-bacon-onion-dip/
Title:
Big Ray's Bacon Onion Dip Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/4646631.jpg
Ingredients:
8 ounces Neufchâtel cheese, softened
1/4 cup mayonnaise
1 tsp whole grain mustard
1/4 tsp cayenne pepper
1/4 tsp kosher salt
1/4 tsp Worcestershire sauce
1/2 cup plus 2 Tbsp shredded Parmesan
1/3 cup Onion Jam, recipe follows
3 strips bacon, cooked and crumbled
Chopped chives, for garnish
Serving suggestions: crackers, toasted bread and vegetables
Onion Jam:
1 Tbsp vegetable oil
2 yellow onions, thinly sliced
1 tsp kosher salt
2 Tbsp balsamic vinegar
1 tsp brown sugar

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.
In a large bowl, beat the Neufchâtel cheese until fluffy. Add the mayonnaise, mustard, cayenne, salt and Worcestershire, and continue to beat until smooth. Add 1/2 cup of the Parmesan and the Onion Jam, and mix until just combined. At this point, cook immediately or store the dip in the refrigerator until ready to serve.
Scoop the dip into a cast iron skillet or baking dish and top with the remaining 2 tablespoons Parmesan and the crumbled bacon. Bake until the cheese melts and the dip begins to bubble, 8 to 10 minutes. Garnish with chives and serve the dip with crackers, warm bread and vegetables.
Onion Jam:
In a large frying pan set over medium-low heat, add the oil and then the onions. Add the salt and cook, stirring often, until softened, about 5 minutes. Reduce the heat to low and add the vinegar, sugar and 2 tablespoons water. Continue to cook over low heat, stirring often, until the liquid is absorbed and the onions are rich golden brown, about 20 minutes. Spread the onion jam on a cookie sheet and cool to room temperature. Refrigerate any leftovers.
Cook's Note
The Onion Jam recipe will yield a little more than you need for the Bacon Onion Dip. Heat some of the leftovers in a frying pan and add to a grilled cheese sandwich, top a burger, serve with a grilled steak or toss in with scrambled eggs. You might want to make a double recipe because there are so many ways to use the Onion Jam!

Submitter: 
bfr610
Description: 
I had this in a pub and just had to play around until I could duplicate it, it was too good!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
1 h 10 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
