URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64670284/vietnamese-shrimp-rice-paper-rolls/
Title:
Vietnamese Shrimp Rice Paper Rolls Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/4581659.jpg
Ingredients:
4-6 sheets 8.5" round rice paper (I use Banh Trang Spring Roll Skins)
6 cooked large prawns/shrimp ( unpeeled including the head, deviened)
1/3 package Maifun Rice sticks (comes in 6.75 oz pkg)
4-6 soft lettuce leaves - (Butter Lettuce or Romaine)
8 mint leaves
1 cup bean sprouts
for Vietnamese Peanut Sauce
1 tbsp smooth peanut butter
2 tbsp Hoisin Sauce
1 1/2 tbsp white vinegar
1/3 cup milk (or water)
1 garlic clove, minced
1/2 tsp crushed chilli paste

Directions:
Combine the Peanut Dipping Sauce ingredients. Mix and microwave for 30 seconds. Mix again until smooth. Set aside to cool.
Place rice noodles in a bowl and cover with warm water for 1-2 minutes, then drain (or follow packet instructions).
Slice peeled deviened prawns  in half lengthwise.
Remove any hard stem core of the lettuce leaves
Place some rice noodles and bean sprouts in a lettuce leaf, then roll it up, finishing seam side down. Repeat for other wraps.
Fill a large bowl with warm water to soak/dip the rice paper. Submerge the rice paper into the warm water for 2 seconds.
Place the rice paper on a cutting board or the counter with the smooth side down.
On the top part of the rice paper, place 3 prawns with a mint leaf in between.
Place the lettuce rice noodle/mung bean bundle onto the middle of the rice paper.
Fold the left and right edges of the rice paper in, then starting rolling from the bottom,  to cover the lettuce bundle. Then keep rolling firmly over shrimp/mint to seal.
Serve with the peanut dipping sauce. (I liked sauce warmed)

Submitter: 
Sahara B
Description: 
These  fresh and healthy Rice Paper Rolls are great finger food or just for a light snack, and the peanut dipping sauce is simple and savory.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
5
Ready in:
10
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
NA
