URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64672927/delicious-beef-enchiladas/
Title:
Delicious Beef Enchiladas Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 1/2 pounds lean ground beef
1 package enchilada seasoning
10 green onions, cleaned and thinly sliced
1 pound Cheddar cheese, shredded (or more as needed)
2 large cans of enchilada sauce
1 package corn tortillas
Corn oil, for frying
1 small can sliced black olives

Directions:
In a large non-stick skillet over medium heat, cook the ground beef until no longer pink. Stir in the envelope of enchilada seasoning and let cook on low for about 5 minutes. Remove from heat and set aside.
While beef is cooking, slice the green onions and place into a small bowl or dish and set aside. Shred the cheese into a bowl and set aside as well.
in a medium sized non-stick skillet, pour in enough oil (about 3 inches deep) and heat through over medium heat. Test oil readiness by submerging a small edge piece of the corn tortilla, if it fries and floats to the top, oil is ready. Gently place one tortilla at a time into oil and, using a spatula and a fork, spin tortilla and cook in hot oil for about 30- 40 seconds on each side. Place on a plate covered with paper towels to drain and continue cooking all the tortillas.
When tortillas are all fried, meat is cooked and seasoned and the onions and cheese are all prepped it is time to assemble the enchiladas.
Pour one can of enchilada sauce into a pie plate. Using your hands, submerge one fried tortilla at a time into sauce and place on a clean plate. Scoop about 1 Tbsp of meat onto the sauced tortilla, sprinkle on cheese and onions. Roll tortillas and place seam side down into a large casserole dish. Continue with all the shells, filling each with meat, onions and cheese after dipping it in the sauce.
Do not worry if you do not use everything to fill the shells, what remains can be used as a topping. You can also pour any remaining sauce over rolled enchiladas as well. So, don't be afraid if there is plenty left over. Once you have used any remaining ingredients as the topping, sprinkle the sliced olives over the top.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees and bake for about 20-25 minutes or until all cheese is melted. Remove from oven and serve immediately with cheesy re-fried beans, Spanish rice and a piece of Mexi-cornbread. Enjoy!

Submitter: 
Pinch of Sarcasm
Description: 
My mother was one of the best cooks I have ever met. This was one of her famous Mexican dishes that everyone loved. It is still one of my favorites. Be prepared to get your hands dirty! Guarantee it is worth it!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 min
Ready in:
50-60 min
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
