URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64677788/savory-grits-with-beer-battered-shrimp/
Title:
Savory Grits with Beer Battered Shrimp Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/4774675.jpg
Ingredients:
Grits
2 cups half and half
1 1/2 cups chicken broth
1/2 cup instant grits
1/4 cup butter
2 cloves minced garlic
1/2 small purple onion finely diced
pinch red pepper flakes
1/4 tsp salt
1/4 tsp pepper
1 cup shredded white cheddar cheese
Shrimp
1 lb medium shrimp
1 tsp creole seasoning
1 can beer
1 quart canola oil
1 cup flour
1 tsp salt
1 tsp pepper
Gastrique
4 strips bacon
1 tbs bacon fat
1/2 cup sugar
1/2 tsp water
1/2 cup balsamic vinegar

Directions:
Grits: in a 2qt saucepan, bring half and half and chicken broth to a simmer over medium-high heat.  Add grits, butter, garlic, red pepper flakes, onion, salt and pepper. Stir until grits are fully cooked and mixture is smooth (about 5 min). Fold in shredded cheese and season to taste.  Remove pan from heat and set aside.
Shrimp: Peel and de-vein and clean shrimp.  In a bowl, toss shrimp with creole seasoning. set aside for 15-30 minutes in refrigerator.  Pour beer into separate bowl and stir about 2 minutes to flatten it. Pour oil into a deep sided 5 quart frying pan or dutch oven and heat to 375*. In a a bowl, stir together flour, salt, and pepper.  Add flattened beer to flour mixture a little at a time to make a slightly runny batter. Dip refrigerated shrimp into batter shaking off excess.  Fry shrimp in oil, 2-3 minutes, or until golden brown.  Set cooked shrimp on a rack lined with paper towels to drain.
Gastrique:  Cook bacon, crumble finely or set aside, reserving bacon fat.  Place sugar  into a heavy bottomed,  2 qt saucepan and add enough water to make a mixture resembling wet sand.  Cook over medium heat until sugar dissolves and bubbles form.  Continue cooking until sugar darkens (5 min). When mixture is golden brown, add balsamic vinegar all at once. Pour carefully to avoid splatter.  The mixture will harden, but keep stirring until it liquifies again.  Add the bacon fat and bacon, reduce heat and keep stirring.  Once the sauce thickens, remove from head.
Assembly:  Serve shrimp on top of grits with gastric drizzled on top.

Submitter: 
MSLIB5
Description: 
Submitted by Kathy Kahn to Texas-Coop Magazine $500 award winner.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
