URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64672136/low-carb-salisbury-steak/
Title:
Low-carb Salisbury Steak Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/4586100.jpg
Ingredients:
For the Salisbury Steaks:
2 lbs mince meat (high fat)
2 eggs
1 medium onion, diced
1 Tbsp dried parsley flakes
1 Tbsp Worcestershire sauce
1/2 tsp garlic powder
1/2 tsp onion powder (optional)
2 tsp salt
1/2 tsp ground black pepper
For the gravy:
7 Tbsp (100 g) butter
2-3 cups sliced button mushrooms
1 Tbsp flour
1 tsp Worcestershire sauce
1 cup beef broth
1/2 cup sour cream
salt and pepper to taste

Directions:
In a bowl mix mince meat, diced onion, eggs, parsley flakes, Worcestershire sauce, garlic powder, onion powder, salt, and pepper.
Split the mince mix into 6 portions and form into patties.
In large skillet, cook 3 patties at a time on medium-high heat for 5 min one side, until meat browns a bit.  (If too much fat cooks off meat and you get too much fluid, just pour some off).
Flip and cook other side for another 5 min, until meat browns.
Set steaks to the side covered in foil (or in oven) to maintain heat.
Empty out excess fluid from meat.
Turn heat down to medium.
In same skillet, melt butter for gravy.
Add mushrooms, and cook until mushrooms are golden brown colour.  Be careful not to over cook.  Take the mushrooms out of the skillet, leaving the butter behind.
Add flour to the butter, and stir until flour dissolves into the butter.
Slowly pour beef broth a bit at a time, stirring until it thickens.  Add more broth, stirring, until all broth is added to butter.
Add Worcestershire sauce.  Stir frequently until the gravy starts to thicken slightly.
Add sour cream and salt and pepper.  Stir again until all the sour cream is melted.  Gravy should be a light brown colour.  Add mushrooms back into the gravy.
Take off the heat, and let stand to cool a bit (about 2 min) and as it cools, it will thicken.
Ladle gravy and mushrooms over steak patty and enjoy!

Submitter: 
Chef DJ
Description: 
The steaks are full of flavour and are good on their own!  Then you add the mushroom gravy and it's beyond delicious.  Low-Carb, Ketogenic, and Paleo Diet friendly.  Total of approx. 6 g carbs per serving.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
