URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64679258/triple-chocolate-cheesecake/
Title:
Triple Chocolate Cheesecake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
For the crust:
6 T unsalted butter, plus more for pan
2 oz semisweet chocolate, chopped
1/3 c sugar
2 large eggs
2/3 c all-purpose flour
2 T unsweetened cocoa powder
1/4 t baking powder
pinch of salt
For the filling:
8 oz. milk chocolate
1 c. heavy cream, divided
3  8oz packages of full fat cream cheese, room temperature
1 c sugar
3 large eggs
1 T pure vanilla extract
2 oz white chocolate for garnish
1 cup heavy cream for whipped cream for accompaniment

Directions:
Position racks in center and lower third of oven.  Preheat oven to 325 degrees.  Butter the bottom and sides of a 9 inch springform pan and tie foil around it to catch any drips.
Make the crust: : Melt butter and semisweet chocolate in a small saucepan over medium heat, stirring constantly until melted. Remove from heat and cool slightly. Stir in sugar and eggs until combined. Stir in flour, cocoa, baking powder and pinch of salt until smooth and shiny. Spread in prepared pan and bake until top is set and is no longer shiny--10-15 minutes. Transfer to a rack and let cool.
Fill a shallow baking pan with halfway with water and set on lower rack in oven.
Make the filling: Combine milk chocolate and 1/2 c cream in a microwave-safe bowl. Microwave in 30 second increments, stirring each time, until chocolate is melted and smooth; set aside. Beat the softened cream cheese and sugar together in a large mixer on medium speed until smooth and fluffy--about 2 minutes. Reduce mixer speed to low, and beat in the eggs one at a time, until just combined. Beat in the remaining 1/2 cup of  cream and the vanilla. Stir a few times with a rubber spatula to be sure the chocolate is completely incorporated.
Pour the filling over the crust.  Bake on the middle rack, directly over the pan of water, until cheesecake is puffed and the edge is set, about 1 hr 15 minutes. (The center will still be quite jiggly) Transfer to a rack and cool to room temperature, then cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate for at least 6 hours or overnight.
Remove cheesecake from refrigerator about an hour before serving. Run a thin knife or offset spatulate around the edge of the pan and remove ring.  Grate half the white chocolate over the cake and use a vegetable peeler to shave the rest over the cake.
Whip remaining cream and serve.  Yum!

Submitter: 
Sudie B
Description: 
This is very rich and decadent.  Be sure to serve with whipped cream.  Got it from a Taste of Home Favorite Holiday Recipes supplement in 2017. Our family loved it.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
40 m
Ready in:
10 h
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
