URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64678041/truffles-dates/
Title:
Truffles & Dates Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/4785616.jpg
Ingredients:
•1 cup raw pecans
•1 cup raw walnuts
•1 Tbsp cacao powder or unsweetened cocoa powder
•1/4 tsp sea salt
•optional: 1/2 tsp ground cinnamon
•10 medjool dates, pitted (if dried out, soak in warm water for 10 minutes then drain)
•1 1/4 cups dairy-free dark chocolate (real chocolate bar, not chips), roughly chopped*
•1 tsp coconut oil
FOR TOPPING (optional)
•1/4 cup cacao nibs, crushed pecans/walnuts, and/or sea salt for topping

Directions:
1.Place pecans and walnuts in a food processor or high speed blender and process until it reaches the consistency of a meal. Remove and set aside in a dish.
2.Next, place pitted dates in the food processor and process until small bits remain and/or it forms into a ball.
3.Then add in the cocoa powder and 1/2 of the nut meal and pulse. Continue pulsing and adding the nut meal a little at a time until a loose dough is formed. You may not need to use all of the nuts, which is fine because you can use any leftovers for topping the truffles.
4.Once you have a dough that's easy to form into balls, scoop out 1 Tablespoon amounts and roll/carefully form into balls. (If they aren't quite forming, hold in your palm and let the heat of your hand warm them, then gently shape into a loose ball.) Set on parchment paper and place in freezer to chill - you should have about 14 truffles.
5.In the meantime, melt chocolate in a double boiler or in the microwave in 30 second increments. Be careful not to overheat. Once melted, stir in coconut oil to help the chocolate thin and ease the dipping process.
6.Remove truffles from freezer and, one at a time, dip them into the melted chocolate. Use a fork to remove them and tap away excess chocolate. Transfer back onto parchment paper and top with sea salt, crushed pecans, or cacao nibs.
7.Repeat until all truffles are dipped. Let set at room temperature. Store leftovers in an airtight container at room temperature. Transfer to freezer for longer term storage.

Submitter: 
Jill Sander
Description: 
Medjool Truffle
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
25 min.
Ready in:
27 min.
Number of servings: 
14
Nutritional Facts:
NA
