URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64672959/chicken-divan-casserole/
Title:
Chicken Divan Casserole Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/4588683.jpg
Ingredients:
2 boneless chicken breasts
3 Tbsp butter
1 small onion
1/2 Tbsp minced garlic
1/2 tsp garlic salt
1/8 tsp parsley
salt and pepper to taste
1 cup chicken broth
3 cups frozen or fresh cauliflower
1 cup cream
1 tsp lemon juice
1/2 cup mayonnaise
3 cups chopped and lightly steamed broccoli
2 cups shredded cheese (cheddar, Edam, Colby)

Directions:
Prep and sauce:
Preheat the oven to 350°F (180°C).
In a pot, boil on high temperature the chicken breasts in salted water until the chicken is cooked through.
Remove chicken breasts from the water and set aside.
In a sauce pan, saute butter, onions and garlic on a low heat until onions are clear and tender.
Add and mix in the garlic salt, parsley, salt and pepper to the onions.
Pulse your cauliflower in a blender/food processor until it looks like rice.
Add the cauliflower and chicken broth to the onions.
Cook for about 10 minutes.
Add cream and lemon juice and let simmer uncovered on low for about 10 minutes more, stirring to prevent sticking.
Add mayonnaise, stir until mixed and then take off heat. Sauce will thicken as it cools.
Pull apart apart your chicken with two forks into bite size pieces.
Add half your pulled chicken into the sauce.
Layering the Casserole:
Line the bottom of a casserole dish with the other half of the pulled chicken.
Layer in the steamed, chopped broccoli onto the chicken.
Pour the sauce over the broccoli and chicken.
Top with shredded cheese.
Cover with foil.
Cook in oven for 30 minutes.
Remove foil and cook 10 more minutes uncovered.
Cheese should brown slightly at edges.
Let casserole cool for 5-10 minutes, then slice into 6 even portions and serve.

Submitter: 
Chef DJ
Description: 
Creamy chicken casserole based on the French classic, but without the carbs.  This will be one of your favourite recipes. Low-Carb, Ketogenic, and Paleo Diet friendly. Total of approx. 5 g carbs per serving.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
30 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
