URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64681049/spiral-pasta-with-tomato-cheese-sauce/
Title:
Spiral Pasta with Tomato Cheese Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/4900015.jpg
Ingredients:
8 oz. Spiral Pasta (such as Cellentani or Rotini)
Three Plum Tomatoes
One Zucchini (green, gold, or both); rinsed, chopped, and diced
One Clove Garlic, minced
1 Tbsp Fresh Basil / 1 tsp Dried Basil
2 Tbsp Olive Oil
2 Tbsp Butter
2 Tbsp All-purpose Flour
1¾ Cup Heavy Cream
¾ Cup Parmesan Cheese, grated
Two Pots of Water
A Bowl of Ice Water
¼ Cup Parmesan Cheese, grated (optional ingredient for garnish)

Directions:
Rinse and chop the zucchini into thin slices, then dice each slice. Rinse and dice one of the tomatoes, and mince the garlic.
Sauté the zucchini pieces in olive oil for ten minutes. Add the tomato pieces and basil during the last five minutes. Add minced garlic during the last minute. Set the sauté mixture aside when it is finished.
Bring a large pot and a small pot of water to a boil. Boil the two remaining tomatoes for one minute. Use tongs to remove the tomatoes and drop them into a bowl of ice water, leave them until the skin loosens. You can remove the skins with your hands or the tongs, then drop the tomatoes in one of the saucepans and cook them down, mashing them with a wooden spoon to break them up.
In the other saucepan, melt butter and then add flour. Mix well, and then add heavy cream in a stream. Whisk to create a thick sauce mixture. Add ¾ cup of grated Parmesan cheese to the saucepan, and once it is melted, turn the heat off.
Add the cooked-down tomatoes to the sauce and mix with a wooden spoon.
In the larger pot, once the water is boiling, add spiral pasta and cook as the package directs. Strain the pasta once it is al dente.
Mix the pasta and sauté mixture, top with sauce and ¼ cup of additional Parmesan as garnish if desired, and serve.

Submitter: 
Chef AidF
Description: 
I decided to do another simple pasta dish and this veggie-rich pasta dish topped with a cheesy tomato white sauce is what I came up with!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
35 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
