URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64682349/instant-pot-navy-bean-ham-soup/
Title:
Instant Pot® Navy Bean & Ham Soup Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/4920535.jpg
Ingredients:
1 tbsp olive oil
1 medium onion, chopped
2 medium carrots, coarsely shredded
2 stalks celery, chopped
2 tablespoons minced garlic
1 pkg (24 ounce) navy beans
6 cups chicken broth
1 tsp (dried) thyme
1 tsp paprika
1 pound fully cooked ham, cut into half inch cubes
1 can (14.5 oz) diced tomatoes, undrained
salt and freshly ground pepper to tase

Directions:
1. Press the "saute" button on the Instant Pot and add the oil, onion, carrots, celery, and garlic. Cook until onions are translucent, stirring occasionally, about 5 minutes then cancel "saute" mode.
2. Add beans, chicken broth, thyme, and paprika to the pot and stir ingredients.
3. Close and lock the lid, move the valve to sealing, and cook on manual for 34 minutes  (high pressure setting).
4. When cooking is done and you hear the corresponding beep, select the "Cancel/Keep Warm" button. Allow normal pressure release for 10 minutes then perform a quick pressure release by carefully moving the valve to "Venting" per manufacturer instructions. Vent should be covered with a pot holder or such when performing this to prevent scalding.
5. Unlock and remove lid from pot then stir ham and tomatoes (with liquid) into the bean mixture.
6. Move the valve to "Sealing" and cook on Manual for 7 minutes. When cooking is complete and you hear the beep, allow natural pressure release for at least 10 minutes then you may quick release by carefully moving the valve to the "Venting" position per manufacturer instructions.
7. Season to taste with salt and pepper and then serve.

Submitter: 
StanDiego
Description: 
A fairly traditional Navy bean and ham soup with instructions for making in an Instant pot cooker. I use a package of Hurst navy beans for this recipe but feel free to use any dry navy beans.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
1h 26m
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
