URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64683882/low-carb-light-snack-cheesy-broccoli-cauliflower-tots/
Title:
Low Carb Light Snack Cheesy Broccoli Cauliflower Tots Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/4977701.jpg
Ingredients:
1      Broccoli
1/2   Cauliflower
3      Eggs
1      Teaspoon Garlic powder
1/2   Teaspoon Salt
1/2   Teaspoon Pepper
1      Tablespoon Onion powder
1/2   Cup Coconut flour
1 1/2 Cup shredded mixed Mexican cheese blend

Directions:
Preheat oven at 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.
Break broccoli into florets. Boil for 5 minutes.
Place 1/2 of the broccoli florets into food processor or Ninja chopper. Pulse until it's broken down into smaller, finer pieces. Repeat with the remaining broccoli florets.
Transfer the finely chopped broccoli into a clean cheese cloth and place it in a large bowl.
Twist the cloth and squeeze out the liquid.
Break cauliflower into florets and chop into small pieces using the food processor.
Transfer the finely chopped cauliflower into a clean cheese cloth and place it in a large bowl. Repeat moisture removal procedure by twisting and squeezing.
Mix both processed broccoli and cauliflower into a large bowl.
Add shredded cheese, mix well.
Add onion powder, garlic powder, salt, pepper and coconut flour. Mix well.
Crack 3 large eggs and mix well.
Scoop approximately 1 tablespoon of the mixture, roll into 1 inch tall and 3/4 inch diameter cylinder tot. Repeat with the rest.
Place them on a prepared baking sheet. You may spray them with olive oil.
Bake in the preheated oven. Switch and turn them around until evenly golden brown for 25-30 minutes.
Serve with dipping sauce of your choice.

Submitter: 
Gracie Lim
Description: 
This recipe would be perfect for those of you who LOVES to munch on snacks during the day, but don’t want to add up the excessive amount of carbs. These tots are not only healthy and tasty, they are also super easy to make! You can carry these cheesy tots to work or while you travel. These tasty tots are packed with fiber and nutrients, they will keep you full and energized for hours.
This way, you no longer have a reason to reach for a bag of potato chips!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
45
Nutritional Facts:
NA
