URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64680571/meatball-gnocchi-and-spinach-soup/
Title:
Meatball Gnocchi and Spinach Soup Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/4881230.jpg
Ingredients:
4 (32 ounce) low-sodium chicken broth or homade stock
1 large yellow onion, diced
4 cloves garlic, minced
olive oil, for sauteing
1 bay leaf
2 teaspoons Italian seasoning
1/2 teaspoon sea salt and 1/4 teaspoon ground black pepper
1 shredded carrot (Optional)
2 cups thinly sliced escarole (Optional)
2 17.5 ounces potato gnocchi
1 cup half & half
6 ounce package fresh baby spinach leaves
2 tablespoons fresh basil or parsley, minced
Parmesan cheese, fresh grated, for serving
Meatballs Ingredients:
1 1/4 pound Ground Beef or turkey
1 teaspoon Onion Powder
3/4 teaspoon Garlic Salt
1 teaspoon Italian seasoning
1 teaspoon Worcestershire Sauce
1/4 teaspoon black pepper
1 egg, beaten
1/4 cup seasoned Italian bread crumbs
2 tablespoons Parmesan cheese, grated

Directions:
In a large stock pot saute onion and garlic in 2-3 tablespoons olive oil over medium low heat. When soft and tender chicken stock ,bay leaf, italian seasoning, salt, and pepper. Bring slowly up to a simmer.
Mix all the meatball ingredients together in a large bowl. Roll into tiny 1/2 inch meatballs.
Once the soup is boiling carefully drop the meatballs one by one into the pot. Bring back up to a slow simmer and cook for 20 minutes. Either skim any gray muck that comes to the top off the soup and discard or refrigerate overnight to skim fat off top.
Add the carrots and gnocchi, bring soup back to a simmer, stir in half & half, spinach and herbs. When gnocchi rise to the top, remove from heat. Remove bay leaf and serve with Parmesan cheese.

Submitter: 
James
Description: 
This is one of those soup dishes ideal for warming the soul during a winter day. This is similar to an Italian wedding soup but creamy with meatballs and potato gnocchi. I make my own chicken stock and meatballs but you can use store bought.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
