URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64688896/keto-pork-and-shrimp-dumplings/
Title:
Keto pork and shrimp dumplings Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/5090713.jpg
Ingredients:
For the filling:
1 lb. ground pork
8 oz. diced raw shrimp (shelled, deveined)
1T minced ginger
1 T minced garlic
1 bunch green onions, sliced thinly
1 carrot grated
1 small green or Napa cabbage, chopped or finely shredded
4 oz. fresh Shitake mushrooms, chopped
1 T dark soy sauce
1 T Chili-garlic sauce
1 T Chinkiang vinegar
1 T stevia blend or other sugar substitute
1 T hot chili oil
1-2 T Hoisin sauce
1 T rice wine vinegar
salt and black pepper to taste
Wrappers:
1-2 green cabbages
Dipping sauce:
1/4 c Chinkiang vinegar
2 T lite soy sauce
1 T hot chili oil (or chili-garlic sauce)
1 T stevia blend or other sugar substitute
2 t minced ginger
2 t minced garlic
1 T chopped cilantro

Directions:
Bring a large pot of salted water to boil to soften the cabbage leaf wrappers. Prepare another pot to steam the dumplings once assembled.
Combine all the ingredients for the filling in a large bowl. To taste for seasoning, put a tablespoon or two in a microwave-safe dish and cook on high for 30 seconds to a minute and give it a try. Adjust the seasonings as you like. Cover and place in the refrigerator until ready to use.
For the wrappers, remove the individual leaves of the cabbages as carefully as possible so as not to tear them. Boil them, several at a time, for 1 minute, then remove to a colander and rinse with cold water. Pat dry. Remove thick stems.
You can make the dumplings any size you like, of course. I put 2-3 T of the filling in each leaf and roll them up like little burritos or traditional cabbage rolls, then place them seam-side down in my steamer over boiling water. Cover and allow to steam for about 10 minutes.
Dipping sauce: Combine all ingredients and refrigerate until ready to use.

Submitter: 
Tim Wilkerson
Description: 
They're not much to look at, but BOY are they good!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
50 m
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
