URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64697269/beef-tamale-pie/
Title:
Beef Tamale Pie Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/5292031.jpg
Ingredients:
Beef Filling:
2 tablespoons olive oil
1 onion, chopped
1 red bell pepper, diced
1 poblano pepper, stem, seed and dice
1 jalapeno pepper, finely chopped
salt and pepper, to taste
3 garlic cloves, minced
2 pounds ground beef
1 can (4.5 oz) chopped green chiles
1 can (8 oz) tomato sauce
1 tablespoon tomato paste
1 package (1.25 oz) taco seasoning
1 teaspoon chili powder
½ teaspoon garlic powder
½ teaspoon onion powder
1 can (8.75 oz) corn kernels, drained
2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce
2 tablespoons cornbread mix (from boxes used below)
1 cup cheddar cheese, shredded
Cornbread Topping:
2 boxes (8.5 oz) cornbread mix, divided
1 cup buttermilk
1 large egg
2 tablespoons melted butter
2 green onions, chopped
1 cup cheddar cheese, shredded
¼ cup sour cream for garnish

Directions:
Preheat oven to 375°F. Spray a 8 x 12 inch baking dish with non-stick cooking spray. Set aside.
In a large skillet over medium-high heat, sauté the diced onion, red bell pepper, poblano and jalapeno pepper in olive oil for 3 minutes until they soften and begin to brown. Season with a little salt and pepper.
Add the minced garlic and ground beef, then cook until no pink remains in the ground beef, about 5-6 minutes. Drain any excess fat from the pan.
Add in the can of chopped green chiles, tomato sauce, tomato paste, taco seasoning, chili powder, garlic powder and onion powder. Cook for 3-4 minutes.
Stir in the corn, Worcestershire sauce and 2 tablespoons cornbread mix (directly from box). Mix well then remove from the heat.
Pour into the prepared baking dish and sprinkle with 1 cup of cheddar cheese.
Make the Cornbread Topping:
In a medium mixing bowl, whisk together the remaining packages of cornbread mix, buttermilk, egg, melted butter, and green onions. Stir in 1 cup cheddar cheese. Spread evenly over the filling.
Bake for 30 minutes until the top is golden and a toothpick inserted into the center comes back clean. Cool for 5 minutes, then garnish dishes with sour cream on top, if desired.

Submitter: 
Culinary Envy
Description: 
This delicious Beef Tamale Pie recipe is filled with taco seasoned ground beef, garlic, onions, sweet corn and various chiles, then baked to perfection with a cheesy Cornbread cheddar crust.  Simple and satisfying, this easy recipe is an all-seasons people pleaser!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 mins
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
