URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64693488/debs-quick-n-easy-tortillas/
Title:
Deb's Quick N' Easy Tortillas Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/5193007.jpg
Ingredients:
2 1/4 cups flour
2 t salt
2 t baking powder
2 T lard (or shortening)
3/4-1 cup warm water

Directions:
In food processor, add flour, salt and baking powder. Spin to mix well.
Add lard or shortening, and spin until well combined, and mixture looks like corn meal.
While processing, add 3/4 warm water to make a slightly sticky, soft, elastic dough. Add more water if dough is too stiff. Process until dough is of the right consistency, and cleaning the sides of the bowl. Remove dough, and cover so it doesn't dry out.
Preheat a skillet on medium high heat (You may need to adjust the temperature setting once you start making the tortillas, so they don't burn).
Split dough into 8 equal pieces, and roll each piece into a ball
Roll each piece into a thin, flat circle, and transfer to hot skillet (Do NOT use any cooking oil).
Let tortilla cook for 1-2 min, checking often to make sure it's not burning, and turning when tortilla is very lightly, golden brown around the edges. Let second side cook until lightly, spotted brown.
Move completed tortilla to a tortilla warmer. Tortillas soften in warmer. Use right away, or let cool and store in airtight container
Makes 12 small taco tortillas or 8 burrito tortillas.
For Camping:
Mix dry ingredients at home and put in a large Ziploc freezer bag. Add the water to the bag at the campsite, and mix dough in bag. Pull out portions of dough, flatten and gently pull with your hands. Cook on cast iron skillet on campfire.

Submitter: 
cullivoe
Description: 
Soft, tender tortillas made easy with your food processor.  This is a quick, easy recipe for tortillas, that can be made ahead of time, or even while you are making dinner.  Easy for kids to make too! Can be adapted for camping
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 min
Ready in:
45 min
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
