URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64693386/maple-oatmeal-nut-granola-bars-the-pretty-feed/
Title:
MAPLE OATMEAL NUT GRANOLA BARS: THE PRETTY FEED Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/5189472.jpg
Ingredients:
3 ½ cups oats
2 1/2T coconut oil
2T brown sugar
¼ cup honey
¼ cup maple syrup
1t vanilla extract
1t cinnamon
2 cups of mixed nuts, dried fruit and seeds (pecans, walnuts, pumpkin seeds, almonds, goji berries, sunflower seeds, cranberries, raisins, etc)

Directions:
On a sheet pan lined with parchment paper, toast the oats for 15 minutes on 350.
While the oats are baking, heat the coconut oil, cinnamon, vanilla, honey, maple syrup, and brown sugar in a saucepan until it comes to a boil and stir it until it's well mixed.
Place all the seeds and fruits, and toasted oats in a large bowl and pour the syrup mixture over it. Mix everything up until it's all evenly covered with the syrup.
Then pack it down (firmly) to desired thickness on a sheet pan covered with parchment paper (same one you used to toast the granola).  Bake on 350 for 20 mins.  Remove from the oven and cut desired size bars before it cools and hardens.  Then place in the refrigerator for at least an hour to allow it to set properly!

Submitter: 
The Pretty Feed
Description: 
Making healthy snacks from home is fast, simple, and healthier than other options like store bought.  These granola bars are a great way to ensure your snack times are filled with long lasting energy and nutrient rich ingredients! Making them at home allows you to add whatever ingredients you like most (types of seeds and nuts and dried fruits). It also lets you use fresh and real ingredients and natural sweeteners like honey, maple syrup, and coconut oil! You can make a whole bunch of granola bars by packing this mixture into a sheet pan and cutting it into whatever size you like! For a treat
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
20
Nutritional Facts:
NA
