URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64695640/steak-zoodles/
Title:
Steak & Zoodles Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 1/2 lb (650g) flank steak, sliced against the grain
4 medium zucchini
2 tablespoons olive oil
4 garlic cloves, minced
2 tablespoons butter or ghee
1 lemon, juice and zest
1/4 cup (60ml) low-sodium chicken broth
1/4 cup chopped parsley
1/4  teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes
Salt and fresh cracked pepper, to taste
The steak marinade:
1/3 cup soy sauce
1/4 cup lemon juice
1/2 cup olive oil
1 tablespoon Sriracha sauce (or any hot chili sauce you like)

Directions:
1. Combine the ingredients for the marinade in an airtight container or a Ziploc bag. Add the steak strips into the marinade, seal and allow to marinate in the refrigerator for 30 minutes to one hour.
2. In the meantime, wash and trim the ends of the zucchini. Using a spiralizer, make the zucchini noodles, then set aside.
3. Bring the steak to room temperature and heat oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat — reserve the juices of the marinade for later. Add the steak strips in one layer and season with salt and pepper. Cook for one minute without stirring.
4. Add minced garlic, then stir the steak for another minute or two to cook the other side. Remove the steak from the skillet and set aside to a plate.
5. In the same skillet, add butter, lemon juice and zest, red pepper flakes, chicken broth, and remaining marinade juices. Bring to a simmer and allow to reduce for 2-3 minutes, stirring regularly.
6. Stir in the fresh parsley, then add the zucchini noodles and toss for one minute to warm it up. Add the steak strips back to the pan and stir for another minute. Serve immediately. Enjoy!
Notes:
Instead of broth, you can enrich the dish with dry white wine.
You can also cook your steak whole to the desired doneness, have it rest for a couple of minutes, then cut into strips afterward.

Submitter: 
Lori Rowley-Sipple
Description: 
From Eatwell101.com
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30
Ready in:
40
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
