URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64697123/culurgiones---sardinian-ravioli/
Title:
Culurgiones - Sardinian Ravioli Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
For the filling
600 g red potatoes
75g fresh pecorino Sardo
75g aged pecorinoSardo, grated
1/2 cup evoo
1 garlic clove
14 fresh mint leaves, minced
For the pasta
300g gluten free pasta flour
1/2 cup water, or as needed
1 tsp fine salt
Extra flour for rolling
Water to seal the ravioli

Directions:
Boil the potatoes until cooked throughout. Drain and peel. Pass them through a potato ricer into a large bowl. Add the oil and minced mint. Mix well. Fold in the two cheeses. Stir the mixture until well combined. Set aside.
In a stand mixer, add the flour and salt. Using the dough hook, start the mixer on power three. Add the water slowly until a smooth pasta has formed. You may need more or less-depending on your flour mix. When the dough pulls away from the sides a smooth ball should begin to form. Continue kneading for one more minute.
Turn off the mixer. Cover with a damp cloth and allow to rest for five minutes.
Check the dough. When pushed by your finger, it should dimpled and not stick to your finger. If it sticks to your finger, manually add a bit of flour. If it cracks, you will need to add some water and knead again. When a proper dough has been achieved, begin rolling out the pasta.
Lightly dust a work surface with some flour, do not use too much. Too much flour will dry out the dough.
Roll the pasta into thin a sheet of pasta. Cut the pasta with a 3” round cutter. Put the discs on another surface. Re-roll the remaining pasta until all the pasta has been cut i to rounds. There should be about 60 discs.
Add a small spoonful of filling to each disc. Close each disc with a scalloped edge, using some water on your fingertips if necessary.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to boil. The ravioli should be cooked in abundant water. They will need room to cook. Cooking in batches is easier than all at once. Once the water is boiling, add the ravioli. Do not stir. Once the ravioli have floted to the top, they are ready. Abput six or seven minutes. Remove them with a slotted spoon into a colander.
Serve with fresh tomato sauce and grated pecorino Sardo.

Submitter: 
Buckwheat Queen
Description: 
Sardinian ravioli stuffed with potatoes, cheese, and mint.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
60
Nutritional Facts:
NA
