URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64695212/stir-fry-chicken-in-a-snap/
Title:
Stir-Fry Chicken in a SNAP! Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/5252499.jpg
Ingredients:
2 skinless, boneless chicken breast halves, chopped in thin chunks
1 cup quality white rice
2 cups water
1/3 cup lite soy sauce
1/8 cup brown sugar (*I usually add a little extra...since i like sweetness)
1 teaspoon cornstarch
1 teaspoon fresh minced ginger
1 teaspoon minced garlic
1/8 teaspoon red pepper flakes
1 teaspoon sesame oil
1 cup fresh snap peas
1 bell pepper (green, red, orange) cut into matchstick slices
1/2 (8 oz) can sliced water chestnuts, drained
1/2 cup sliced carrots, matchstick slices
1/2 onion chopped
1 tablespoon sesame oil

Directions:
Cook rice to instructions. Usually, bring rice and water to boil in saucepan over high heat then reduce to medium-low heat covered , simmer until rice is tender (approximately 20-25 mins)
Mix soy sauce, brown sugar, and corn starch in a small bowl; till smooth.
Mix ginger, garlic, snap peas and bell pepper into sauce; coat chicken with marinade and refrigerate for at least 15 minutes (30 mins ideal)
Heat tablespoon sesame oil in a large skillet over medium heat.
Cook and stir bell pepper, water chestnuts, broccoli, carrots, and onion until tender (approx. 5-6 mins)
Remove vegetables once cooked and set aside and keep warm.
Remove chicken from marinade, reserve liquid.
Heat tablespoon sesame olive oil in skillet over medium-high heat.
Cook and stir chicken until  slightly pink on the inside, approximately 2 minutes per side; return veges and reserved marinate to skillet.
Bring to a boil; cook and stir until chicken no longer pink in middle and veges are tender. (Approximately 5 to 7 minutes).
Serve over rice .( or  replace rice and serve over Maifun rice sticks if desired).

Submitter: 
Sahara B
Description: 
Stir-Fry!  Be it chicken, beef or just vegetables, always a favorite at this house. This is a quick and easy recipe to make. Fresh is best as veggies go but understand if you wish to use frozen veggies. If like replace rice and serve over fried Maifun rice sticks if desired, but watch to fried calories....
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30
Ready in:
1 h 20 m
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
NA
