URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64693409/instant-pot-salisbury-steak-with-onion-and-mushroom-gravy/
Title:
Instant Pot® Salisbury Steak with Onion and Mushroom Gravy Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 T Avocado oil
1 pound ground beef
1/2 pound lean ground pork
1 egg
1/4 cup fresh bread crumbs
1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper
1/4 cup finely diced onion
1-2 cloves of garlic, finely diced
1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce
1 tsp dry parsley
1 large onion, thinly sliced
8 oz. sliced  cremini mushrooms
1/4 cup dry red wine
2 cup beef broth
1 t salt
1 T tomato paste
2 T corn starch
4 T beef broth

Directions:
Combine, egg, bread crumbs, 1/4 cup onions, 1 tsp of parsley, garlic and Worcestershire sauce in a bowl. Stir well and add the beef and pork. Mix gently and form into 8 equal portions. Place the patties on a plate, cover with plastic wrap and place in fridge for one hour. This step isn't necessary but it does help the flavour.
Remove from fridge 30 minutes before starting to cook.
Press the saute function and when hot add the oil.
Saute the patties 2 minutes per side, work in batches so you don't overcrowd the pot.
Remove the patties to a plate.
Add the onions to the pot and cook for 2 minutes or until brown.
Add the mushrooms and cook for an additional 2 minutes.
Deglaze the pot with the wine, scraping up all brown bits from the bottom.
Add the beef broth, salt and tomato paste, stir well.
Return the patties and any accumulated liquid to the pot and  turn to coat.
Place the lid on the pot and press manual, adjust the time for 15 minutes.
When the timer goes off release the pressure naturally for at least 10 minutes.
Carefully remove the lid.
Add the 2 T of corn starch to the 4 T of broth and stir until dissolved.
Slowly add the corn starch mixture to the pot, stirring constantly.
Press the saute function and adjust to med. Saute until thickened, about 5 minutes
The gravy will be fairly thin. Add an additional 1 T of corn starch and 2 T of broth for a thicker gravy

Submitter: 
Bren
Description: 
Just like Mom made only quicker!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15
Ready in:
1h
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
