URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64692521/golabki-ala-instapot/
Title:
Golabki ala Instapot Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/5165295.jpg
Ingredients:
1 1/2 pound 90% lean ground beef (you can substitute 1/2 pound ground pork or veal)
1 large head cabbage
2 eggs
2 tbs butter
1 onion, chopped
4 tsp garlic, minced
3 cups long grain rice (reserve 2 cups for serving)
1 20 oz can diced tomatoes
1/2 cup ketchup or tomato sauce
1/2 tsp thyme
1/2 tsp marjoram or 1-2 drops marjoram  Doterra (do not substitute essential oil brands)
1/2 tsp salt
1/2 cup white vinegar
1/2 tsp black pepper
1/2 tsp garlic power
1/2 tsp onion powder
1 tsp worcestershire sauce
1 cup water
2 tbs corn starch in 2 Tbs water (mix just before using, not before)

Directions:
Clean cabbage with water. Core cabbage from the bottom, being careful not to split the head as you need whole leaves. Set aside.
Using a pot large enough for the entire head of cabbage to be submerged, fill it a little more than halfway and bring the water to a boil.
Careful submerge the cores cabbage head into the water. Cover and let boil for 8 minutes.
Remove the cabbage from the water.  Using tongs and a spatula, carefully separate the first outter leaves from the cabbage head. Lay out on a clean plate.  When the leaves are resisting removal, return the head to the boiling water. Boil another 6-8 minutes. Continue this procedure until the leaves become <4 inches in size.  Chop up the remaining cabbage core and set aside. Drain the water from the pot and return to stove.
Add butter to pot then add the onions and sauté until becoming translucent.  To the onion add thyme, marjoram, garlic, onion powder, Vinegar, ketchup (tomato sauce), Worcestershire sauce  and salt. Bring to a light boil then add in diced tomatoes. Cover and let simmer.
In a separate bowl, mix ground beef, 1 cup of cooked white rice, Black pepper, garlic powder and onion powder. Use your hands to mix well.
Put the wire rack inside the instapot. Add one cup of water inside the instapot.
Assemble the cabbage rolls on a clean plate or cooking board. Lay one leaf with stem towards you and the outter part of the stem facing down (so the curve of the cabbage is facing upwards).  For the larger leaves, put 2 tablespoons of the meat mixture on the leaf.  Roll up by the center first, then tuck in a left and right side of the leaf, and roll up to where the meat is completely sealed by the leaf.  Put the cabbage roll, seam side down, on the rack in the instapot. Continue making cabbage rolls, until you have a bottom layer in the instapot. Cover the layer of cabbage rolls with 1/2 to 1 cup of the tomato sauce. Create another layer of rolls and cover with sauce until 1” from the top of the instapot or until out of cabbage rolls.  Note: do not overfill the instapot... if you doubled the recipe or have too many cabbage rolls, cook another batch separately.
Put the lid of the instapot on and seal the steam release valve. Select high pressure for 18 minutes. When done, you can release the steam after 15 minutes or let it decrease naturally.
Carefully remove the cabbage rolls from the instapot with tongs and place into a casserole dish.  Cover with foil while you thicken the remaining sauce.
When the instapot is empty, remove the wire rack.  Mix the cornstarch and water together.  Turn the instapot to sauté, and stirring with a spatula, stir in the cornstarch.  Stir until the sauce is thickened.  (If you want a thicker sauce, add another tbs cornstarch mixed with 2 tbs water).  When thicke

Submitter: 
Luette Davis Drumheller Kanas
Description: 
Traditional Polish cabbage rolls made in the instapot shaves a couple hours off the wait time for this amazing entrée.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
45
Ready in:
90
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
