URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64691337/debs-senorita-bread-filipino-spanish-bread/
Title:
Deb's Senorita Bread (Filipino Spanish Bread) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/5137279.jpg
Ingredients:
4 1/2 c flour
1 t salt
1 pkg instant yeast
2 eggs beaten
1/2 c sugar
3/4 c warm milk (not scalded)
1/2 c warm water
1/2 c melted butter
FILLING:
2 sticks softened butter
1 c sugar
1/4 c honey

Directions:
In large mixer with dough hook, mix flour, salt and instant yeast.
In separate bowl, beat eggs and sugar well with a whisk. Add milk, water and butter mixing well (make sure it is not above 135 degrees).
With mixer running on slow, add egg mixture to flour and mix. Knead dough until it cleans the sides of the bowl, and is soft and elastic.
Rise until double in warm area.
While dough is rising, make sugar/butter filling - In mixer, cream butter and sugar together very well until fluffy. Mix in honey and set aside.
Punch down dough after it doubles, and cut dough into 1 oz portions
Roll out each ball on slightly floured surface, in a long and flat oval about 8" long with a rolling pin.
Spread about 1 1/2- 2 teaspoons of sugar/butter filling on each piece, leaving one end without filling.
Roll up each piece in a tight roll, towards the end without filling, and pinch to seal.
Place rolls on large greased cookie sheet seam side down, evenly spaced in two rows on each cookie sheet, with a gap around all edges of cookie sheet, so if filling oozes out, it doesn't ooze onto the bottom of the oven (trust me!). It's okay if rolls lightly touch each other.
Let rise for 15-30 min.
Bake at 375 degrees for 13-15 min until lightly golden brown, and rolls in the center are done. Let cool slightly before serving, as sugar filling is very hot.

Submitter: 
cullivoe
Description: 
My version of Senorita Bread from the Star Bakery in Vallejo, CA. It's not an exact copy, but pretty close. These rolls are small, delicately sweet, soft rolls, that melt in your mouth. LITERALLY! Beware, these disappear really quickly after coming out of the oven, and you may need to stand guard over them! I'm not kidding! You can bake ahead of time, leave on cookie sheet, take to a party, and reheat in oven for a few min at 350 degrees until warm.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
90 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
45
Nutritional Facts:
NA
