URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64697891/crispy-smashed-parmesan-potatoes/
Title:
Crispy Smashed Parmesan Potatoes Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/5306086.jpg
Ingredients:
Small white or red potatoes (at LEAST 2 per person)
Avocado oil
Salt and pepper
Shards of parmesan cheese

Directions:
Preheat oven to 425 degrees. Boil potatoes in salted water until tender.  Drain.
In a bowl add 4 tablespoons of avocado oil (avocado oil has a higher burn temperature than olive oil and will give you a crispier potato), salt and pepper.
On a sheet pan place all the potatoes.  With the heel of your hand smash the potatoes flat.  The potato will break apart from the skin yet still maintain its shape.
Drizzle the prepared oil over each of the potatoes and turn to coat them really well.  Place in the oven and set the timer for 10 minutes and turn them over.  Set the timer for another 5-7 minutes.  The potatoes should be crispy and golden on the outside.
When the potatoes come out of the oven immediately sprinkle each potato with shards of parmesan cheese.  Quick tip: we always have a bulk bag of frozen parmesan in the freezer for recipes like this.  The heat of the potatoes will melt the cheese over the top.  Add some more freshly cracked black pepper and some parsley.
REHEAT: These potatoes are great the next day if there are any leftovers.  Simply wrap in aluminum foil and heat at 350 degrees for 10 minutes.  Enjoy.

Submitter: 
The Pretty Feed
Description: 
These crispy smashed potatoes are a perfect side dish for any meal.  In fact, they are one of our favorite snacks too!  We dare you to try and have just one of these.  The other day when we had some left over,  we had these with some spicy mayo and the result was ridiculous. SO GOOD!  These are also a wonderful alternative to french fries that will give you the same crispy texture without the fat that comes with frying.  They are a great side dish for steak, roasted chicken, grilled organic salmon or a pork tenderloin to name a few.  They are also really fun to make because you get to SMASH th
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
