URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64690674/homemade-vegan-coconut-yogurt/
Title:
Homemade Vegan Coconut Yogurt Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/5124600.jpg
Ingredients:
2 (14-ounce) cans coconut milk or 1 ¾ cups other non-dairy milk
2 teaspoons agar agar flakes or 2 tablespoons tapioca starch
4 probiotic capsules or 1 teaspoon probiotic powder
3 teaspoons sugar

Directions:
Add the milk to a large, heavy saucepan. Whisk until smooth.
If using agar agar flakes, sprinkle over the top of the milk. Let sit, undisturbed, for 5 minutes, until the flakes are rehydrated.
If using tapioca starch, create a slurry by combining ½ cup milk and tapioca starch in a small, separate bowl. Mix until smooth, then add the mixture back to the saucepan.
Gently heat the milk to a 180 degrees F, stirring constantly. Reduce the heat to low and cook, stirring occasionally, until the thickener is fully dissolved, about 5 minutes.
Remove the saucepan from the stovetop and stir the milk occasionally, until it reaches 115 degrees F. To speed up the process, you can place your saucepan in an ice water bath, and continuously stir until it reaches the correct temperature.
Open the probiotic capsules and sprinkle the powder over the milk or use 1 teaspoon powder, then gently stir in (discard the capsules).
Stir in sugar, until dissolved.
Either transfer the yogurt to sterilized glass jars and cover with lids or leave in the saucepan and cover. Let sit in a warm place, about 110 degrees F, until you reach the desired consistency. Place the yogurt in a warm spot in your kitchen (wrapped in a towel), in a gas oven with just the pilot light on, or in an insulated cooler surrounded by warm water. Or, place the yogurt jars in your slow cooker or Instant Pot and fill it with warm water. Depending on your environment temperature, culture strength, and other factors, this could take 12 to 24 hours.
Chill the yogurt in the fridge for 4 to 6 hours, to set. Eat yogurt within two weeks.

Submitter: 
ChefJackie
Description: 
You can easily make delicious and creamy vegan yogurt at home, which has less sugar, less stabilizers, and requires less from your wallet than the yogurt you buy at the store.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
12 to 24 h
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
