URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64693380/thai-coconut-curry-chicken-soup-the-pretty-feed/
Title:
THAI COCONUT CURRY CHICKEN SOUP: THE PRETTY FEED Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/5189368.jpg
Ingredients:
3 cans (14-ounce/400 mL each)of premium coconut milk
2 heaping tablespoon (20 mL) of Thai curry paste
The tender stems of 1 bunch of cilantro, rinsed well
3 chicken breasts, thinly sliced
4 cups (500 mL) of chicken broth
2 carrot, shredded
4 or 5 lime leaves
2 stalks of lemon grass, halved lengthwise, woody leaves removed
2 tablespoons (30 mL) of fish sauce
The zest and juice of 2 limes
A small knob frozen ginger
A handful bean sprouts
Half a pack of rice noodles.  A standard pack is 8 ounce (225 g).  Add more if desired.
1 bunch of cilantro leaves, rinsed well
2 or 3 green onions, thinly sliced
a sprinkle or two salt or soy sauce
Optional: Sriracha or hot sauce of choice

Directions:
A can of coconut milk has a top layer of cream and a bottom layer of liquid.  Scoop the thick coconut cream from the top of just one of the cans into a large stockpot set over a medium-high heat.  Melt the cream, add the curry paste and stir for a few minutes until they begin to sizzle.
Add the cilantro roots and chicken and sauté until the chicken is cooked through, about 5 minutes.
Add the coconut juice from the first can and all the contents of the second and third cans along with the chicken broth, carrot, lime leaves, lemon grass, fish sauce, ginger, and lime zest and juice.  Simmer for 20 minutes or so.
Stir in the bean sprouts. Add the rice noodles, gently pushing them beneath the surface of the broth. Turn off the heat and let stand until the noodles soften, about 3-5 minutes.  Rice noodles just need to soak in the hot water (no cooking required) but you don't want to over cook them so keep an eye on them and use your judgement.
Stir in most of the cilantro leaves. Scoop out the lemon grass stalks. Taste and season with a touch more salt (or soy sauce) as needed. Ladle into large bowls and garnish with the green onions and remaining cilantro leaves. Add Sriracha for extra spice.
www.theprettyfeed.com

Submitter: 
The Pretty Feed
Description: 
The flavors of this sweet and sour soup are so satisfying.  It's no surprise that so many recipes use coconut, curry, lime and coriander.  It has kick in all the right places.  The coconut and curry make it feel hearty and warm while the coriander and zest add surprising fresh and light tones.  It's honestly one of our favorite recipes and friends and family always ask for the recipe.  So here it is!

Wether you like it spicy or mild we suggest having a bottle or Sriracha nearby so that everyone can customize their own bowl!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10
Ready in:
30
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
NA
