URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64691231/marks-blue-ribbon-bacon-cheeseburger-chili/
Title:
Mark's Blue Ribbon Bacon Cheeseburger Chili Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 pounds Ground beef, made into eight 1/4 lb burgers and seasoned to taste.
8 slices sharp cheddar cheese
1 large onion, diced
1 pepper, diced (Bell, Poblano, Anaheim, Jalapeno whatever suits your heat tolerance)
1 46 fluid ounce bottle spicy vegetable juice
2 15-ounce cans refried beans
12 ounces Pabst Blue Ribbon beer
2 15-ounce cans kidney beans, rinsed and drained
2 15-ounce cans black beans, rinsed and drained
2 15-ounce cans pinto beans, rinsed and drained
1/2 teaspoon ground chipotle pepper
1/2 tablespoon brown sugar
1/2 teaspoon dried oregano
1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper
1 teaspoon salt
1 1/2 teaspoons ground cumin
1/4 cup chili powder

Directions:
Set up barbecue grill for HIGH heat. Season burger patties and place on grill. Sear each burger for 1-2 minutes on the first side. Flip burger and place sliced cheese on top. Sear for another 1-2 minutes. Burgers should be very rare. Set burgers aside to cool slightly
Cook bacon in large dutch oven over medium heat until crisp. (If you have the time, you can cook the bacon on the grill using indirect heat, but it takes an hour or more to do so.) Drain bacon on paper towels and set aside.
Remove bacon fat from dutch oven, leaving 1-2 tablespoons.
Cook onions in bacon fat until translucent. (3-5 minutes) Crumble bacon and burger patties into onions and add crushed tomatoes, refried beans, beer and vegetable juice. Stir until the beans are will blended into the liquid.
Add all remaining ingredients and stir to combine. Bring to a boil, then reduce heat to low. Simmer for 1 1/2 hours.

Submitter: 
Mark Adams
Description: 
Inspired by the BBQ Pit Boys Bacon Cheeseburger Chili
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
NA
