URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64695004/instant-pot-corned-beef-for-sandwiches-with-option-for-cabbage-potatoes-and-carrots/
Title:
Instant Pot Corned Beef for Sandwiches (with option for Cabbage, Potatoes, and Carrots) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 large yellow onion, halved
4-5 lb Corned Beef Brisket
1.5 teaspoon yellow mustard seeds
1 teaspoon whole black peppercorns
1.5 teaspoon coriander seeds
1 teaspoon whole allspice
5 garlic cloves, crushed
3 bay leaves, crushed
4 cups water, or 2 cups water + 2 cups dark beer, such as Guinness (add more water to just cover meat if needed)
Rye Bread (or gluten free multi-grain bread)
Mustard (yellow, dijon, or grain mustard)
Sliced cheese of your choice (optional)

Directions:
Place onion halves in bottom of instant pot.
Rinse the corned beef brisket 2-3 times under cold water and remove/trim fat. Place corned beef brisket on top of the onion halves.
In order, add yellow mustard seeds, black peppercorns, coriander seeds, allspice, garlic cloves, and bay leaves on top of the corned beef brisket.
Pour in water around the corned beef brisket (not directly over the brisket) to just cover the meat.
Press the manual button on Instant Pot and set timer for 90 minutes. Use NPR method to release pressure, about 15 minutes. If pin hasn't dropped, quick release remaining pressure.
Remove brisket from Instant Pot to platter and cover with foil and let rest. Thinly slice the brisket.
Serve on Rye Bread (or gluten free multi-grain bread). Spread mustard on bread, top with corned beef slices, and place optional cheese on top.
OPTIONAL: For best slicing results, let brisket cool, wrap tightly in foil and place in fridge. Thinly slice the next day. To melt cheese, heat oven to 325 F and bake sandwiches on sheet tray until cheese is melted, about 3-5 minutes.
OPTIONAL: Remove brisket from Instant Pot. Reserve 2 cups liquid and discard the rest of the liquid from the instant pot. You could discard all of the liquid, and use vegetable or chicken stock, but season each layer of vegetables (salt, pepper, garlic, onion, thyme, etc.) Add 4-5 red potatoes (quartered), 1 lb baby carrots, and 1 medium or large head cabbage (cut into 8 wedges). Follow manufacturer instructions to avoid overfilling the pot. Add reserved 2 cups liquid or stock. Pressure cook on Manual mode for 3 minutes. Use Quick Release and open lid carefully. Remove veggies from Instant Pot and serve with Corned Beef.
OPTIONAL: While corned beef is cooking in Instant Pot, roast cabbage (1 large head cut into small wedges), red potatoes (quartered), and 1 lb baby carrots on foil lined sheet trays. Preheat oven to 425 F and follow steps below. Add both trays to oven at the same time.
For cabbage, place wedges in a single layer on foil lined sheet tray. Brush both sides with olive oil and season both sides with salt and pepper. Tent tray with foil and set aside. Roast for 30-50 minutes or until tender (remove foil tent after 15 minutes).
On a second foil lined sheet tray, drizzle a little olive oil and spread oil across foil. Place quartered potatoes on one half and carrots on the other half of  the sheet tray. Drizzle olive oil or melted butter over potatoes and carrots. Lightly season potatoes and carrots with Salt and Pepper, and herbs of your choice. Gently toss potatoes and carrots to combine seasonings, but keep separate on the tray so you can easily remove them if one vegetable is done before the other. Roast for 30-40 minutes (gently flip/move around veggies every 15

Submitter: 
SZYQ1
Description: 
Great recipe for making Corned Beef in the Instant Pot! If your brisket comes with a spice packet, leave out the yellow mustard seeds, peppercorns, coriander seed, allspice, and reduce bay leaves to 1 or 2. Instead of beef stock or water, you may use 1/2 water and 1/2 beer as long as you have enough liquid to cover the meat. This recipe does not include cooking potatoes, cabbage, and carrots in the instant pot, but you certainly can after removing the brisket, for 3 minutes high pressure or roast in oven while the corned beef is cooking.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15
Ready in:
2 hr
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
