URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64695982/rudys-enchiladas/
Title:
Rudy's Enchiladas Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/5260732.jpg
Ingredients:
1 dozen corn tortillas
1-2 large can of Enchilada sauce (in the Mexican/Spanish aisle, I like medium or hot)
1 lb block Monterrey Jack cheese , shredded
1 cup diced white onions
1/2 cup slice black olives (optional)
1/2-3/4 cup olive oil
1/4 cup cilantro for garnish (optional)

Directions:
Preheat oven to 375F
Shred a block of Monterrey Jack cheese (cover, set aside)
Dice one medium white onion (cover, set aside)
Ready 1/2 cup sliced black olives (set aside)
In  olive oil, very lightly saute every corn tortilla on both sides (side aside on paper towels)
Lightly grease  a 9x13 casserole pan/pyrex
Add 1/2 cup of Enchilada sauce to bottom of pan evenly distributed (set aside)
You will now wrap cheese, onions, and olives in each tortilla in a simple roll.
The more cheese the better, and onions and olives are to your taste.
Set aside at least 1/2 cup of cheese for later use.
Make sure to firmly wrap the enchilada tightly and place seam down in the pan
Add each enchilada closely to each other in the pan.
Fill pan with the remainder enchilada sauce so that the sauce completely covers enchiladas.
Bake 20-30 minutes or until sauce is bubbling hot.
Remove from oven and add remainder cheese on top evenly.
Let stand for 5 minutes
Garnish with diced cilantro and /or sliced olives (optional)
Serve 2 or 3 enchilada with Rudy's Re-fried Beans or Rudy's Mexican Rice.
You can add 1lb of cooked shredded chicken, ground beef, steak, shredded pork butt (carnitas), or chorizo, just  reduce the amount of cheese for the filling.  If adding meat, lightly saute already cooked meat with 1/2 cup of enchilada sauce in skillet with 2 oz of olive oil and salt to taste, let cool before filling tortillas.   Free free to experiment with anything!
Personally I slow-cook chicken and pork butt (carnitas) the night before so its ready to go!
The secret to this recipe is lightly saute each tortilla.  Avoid crisping the tortillas.  Restaurants skip this step.
If you have any enchilada sauce remaining you can use it top leftovers  or use next day with eggs for huevos rancheros!

Submitter: 
Rudy Torrijos III
Description: 
Easy to make, better than any Mexican restaurant.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
60 mins
Ready in:
90 mins
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
