URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64697844/grilled-chicken-guacamole-salad-tartine/
Title:
Grilled Chicken Guacamole Salad Tartine Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/5304471.jpg
Ingredients:
1 lb. Boneless, skinless chicken breasts pounded to 3/4 inch thickness
3 tbsp. olive oil (plus extra for drizzling)
2 med/large avocados
1/4 finely chopped fresh cilantro (extra sprigs for garnish of course)
2 tbsp. mayonnaise
2 medium sized limes (2 tsp. lime zest & 6 tsp. lime juice from limes)
2 small cucumbers (thinly sliced)
6 radishes (thinly sliced)
1/2 cup sugar snap peas (thinly sliced lengthwise)
1/2 cup mixed spring salad greens (packed)
4 slices sourdough bread (toast grilled on grill pan)
salt and pepper to season

Directions:
Preheat a grill pan over medium-high heat.
Season pounded chicken breasts with 2 tbsp olive oil and salt and pepper (both sides).
Grill chicken until charred and cooked through (approximately 7-8 minutes per side).
Once chicken cooked through, remove and let rest for approximately 10 minutes tented with foil.
Slice chicken into 1/4 slices and set to side.
In  medium bowl, mash the avocados, cilantro, mayonnaise, lime zest and 4 tsp. lime juice and season with salt and pepper to taste and set aside.
In another medium bowl, toss the the cucumbers, sugar snap peas and radishes with 1 tbsp. olive oil and the remaining 2 tsp. lime juice and set a side to marinate for 10 minutes.
Spread a good amount of the avocado mixture on the  4 toasted sourdough toast slices.
Top each with mixed salad greens, then 4-5 slices of grilled chicken strips.
Top chicken with a layer of cucumber, radish and snap peas marinated mixture and add cilantro springs to garnish.
Drizzle with a little olive oil.

Submitter: 
Sahara B
Description: 
Fresh take on the French tartine (open-face sandwich) using fresh mixed salad, cucumber, radishes, snap peas and grilled chicken. Light and and easy and always a hit. If you want a little more heat, add some chopped jalapeno or a dash of Frank's Hot Sauce to the guacamole mix.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
40
Ready in:
1
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
