URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64692816/pork-rice-noodles/
Title:
Pork & Rice Noodles Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/5171893.jpg
Ingredients:
oyster sauce - 1/2 cup (Asian Market)
fresh basil leaf  5 leaves chopped
dried rice noodles, Rice Sticks (Asian market) 16 oz
pork loin- 1 pound, diced
garlic - 4 teaspoon minced
shallots - 1 cup chopped
celery - 1 cup chopped
chicken broth  made from soup base - 3 cups
fish sauce - 1 tablespoon ( Asian market )
frozen green beans -1/2 cup
frozen carrots and peas - 1 cup
mushrooms- 1 cup diced
fresh ginger - 1/8 cup  julienned
bell pepper - 1/2 cup diced
poblano pepper - 1 /2 cup diced
sesame oil - 4 tablespoons
juice of 1 lime
Kaffir lime leaves -5 (Asian market)
scallions  and cilantro - 1/2 cup, for garnish

Directions:
Marinate the cut up pork in a bowl with the lime juice, garlic, oyster sauce, fish sauce, and basil.  Place in refrigerator for at least an hour.
In a large skillet, over medium high heat, add the sesame oil.
Add the shallots , peppers and celery. Saute these quickly for 1 to 2 minutes till onions become translucent.
Add the pork and brown it.
Add the vegetables. Cook for about 2 minutes.
When cooking of meat and vegetables is done, remove from heat and set aside.
In separate large skillet or wok add the chicken broth, ginger and the Kaffir lime leaves. Heat at medium high heat until broth boils.
Reduce heat to simmer.
Cook for about 2 minutes.
Slowly add in the noodles in two or three batches if necessary. Keep turning the noodles around the skillet till the noodles turn from a fair white color to a golden hue.
Remove the noodles and set aside until all of the noodles are cooked.
Remove the lime leaves and discard.
Combine the noodles, meat and vegetables.
Garnish with scallions and cilantro and serve.

Submitter: 
Chef Oma
Description: 
Pork Rice Sticks
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
60 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
