URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64692120/oven-fried-korean-tacos/
Title:
Oven Fried Korean Tacos Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 cloves of garlic, pressed through a garlic press
1 teaspoon fresh ginger, grated or minced
3 tablespoons brown sugar
3 tablespoons rice wine vinegar
2 tablespoons tamari or soy sauce
1 1/2 tablespoon mirin
1 teaspoon sesame oil
zest from 1 lime
1 teaspoon toasted sesame seeds
2 1/2 cups broccoli slaw mix
3/4 cups carrots, cut into matchsticks
1 jalapeno pepper, stem and seeds removed, finely minced
salt and black pepper, to taste
Oven-Fried Korean Chicken
1 1/2 pounds boneless and skinless chicken breasts, cut into bite-sized pieces
2 eggs, whisked with 2 tablespoons of water
3 tablespoons all-purpose flour
1 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 teaspoon sea salt, finely ground
1/4 teaspoon black pepper
1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper
3 cloves of garlic, finely minced
1 teaspoons fresh ginger, grated or minced
1/4 cup Korean chile paste, or gochujang
3 tablespoon honey
3 tablespoons tamari or soy sauce
1 tablespoon rice wine vinegar
1 tablespoon sesame oil
1 teaspoon fish sauce
Taco Assembly
12 corn or flour tortillas, warmed slightly
1/2 cup cotija cheese, crumbled
2 tablespoons fresh cilantro, chopped
1 tablespoons toasted sesame seeds

Directions:
In a large bowl, whisk together the garlic, ginger, brown sugar, rice wine vinegar, tamari or soy sauce, mirin, sesame oil, lime zest, and sesame seeds. Add the broccoli slaw mix, carrots and jalapeno. Toss to combine. Adjust seasoning to taste. Cover and refrigerate until you are ready to use.
Preheat your oven to 425 degrees F and line a large baking sheet with parchment paper, foil or a silicone baking mat. Spray with a non-stick spray. Set aside.
In a large bowl, whisk together the flour, baking soda, sea salt, black pepper and cayenne. Add the chicken to the egg and water mixture and then toss in the flour mixture to VERY LIGHTLY coat the chicken. Picking up the chicken with a pair of tongs, shake to get rid of any excess flour. Place the chicken directly on the prepared baking sheet. Once completed, spray all of the chicken with a non-stick spray.
Bake the chicken for 15-18 minutes or until the chicken is cooked through and the outside is crispy and brown. Remove from oven.
While your chicken is baking, prepare your sauce. In a large bowl, whisk together the garlic, ginger, Korean chile paste, honey, tamari or soy sauce, rice wine vinegar, sesame oil and fish sauce. Season with salt and pepper to taste.
Once the chicken has baked, transfer it immediately to the sauce and toss to coat.
Assemble your tacos by placing a couple of tablespoons of the broccoli slaw on a warmed-through corn or flour tortilla. Place a couple of pieces of chicken on top. Sprinkle with cotija cheese, fresh cilantro and toasted sesame seeds.
Serve immediately and enjoy!

Submitter: 
Lori Rowley-Sipple
Description: 
from www.cookingandbeer.com
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20
Ready in:
55
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
