URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64690813/gumbo/
Title:
Gumbo Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/5127339.jpg
Ingredients:
1 cup all-purpose flour
3/4 cup bacon drippings (drippings from about a pound of bacon)
1 cup chopped celery
1 large sweet onion, chopped
1 large green bell pepper, chopped
2 tablespoons minced garlic
1 pound andouille sausage, sliced
3 quarts water
6 beef bouillon cubes
1 tablespoon white sugar
2 tablespoons hot pepper sauce
1 teaspoon Cajun seasoning blend
4 bay leaves
1/2 teaspoon dried thyme
1 (14.5 ounce) can stewed tomatoes
1 (6 ounce) can tomato sauce
4 teaspoons gumbo file powder
2 tablespoons butter
1 (16 ounce) package frozen cut okra
2 tablespoons distilled white vinegar
1 pound lump crabmeat
3 pounds uncooked medium shrimp, peeled and deveined
2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce
2 teaspoons gumbo file powder

Directions:
Make the roux by whisking the flour and 3/4 cup bacon drippings together in a large, heavy saucepan over medium-low to low heat to form a smooth mixture.
Cook the roux, whisking constantly, until it turns a rich mahogany brown color. This can take 20 to 30 minutes. Watch heat carefully and whisk constantly or roux will burn and you'll need to start over.
Remove the roux from the heat; continue whisking until mixture stops cooking.
Place the celery, onion, green bell pepper, and garlic into a food processor, and pulse until the vegetables are very finely chopped.
Stir the vegetables into the roux, and mix in the sausage. Bring the mixture to a simmer over low heat, and cook until vegetables are tender, 10 to 15 minutes. Remove from heat, and set aside.
Bring the water and beef bouillon cubes to a boil in a large Dutch oven or soup pot.
Whisk the roux mixture into the boiling water. Reduce heat to a simmer, and mix in the sugar, salt, hot pepper sauce, Cajun seasoning, bay leaves, thyme, stewed tomatoes, and tomato sauce.
Simmer the soup over low heat for 1 hour; mix in 2 teaspoons of file gumbo powder at the 45-minute mark.
Meanwhile, melt 2 tablespoons of butter in a skillet, and cook the okra with the vinegar over medium heat for 15 minutes.
Remove okra with slotted spoon, and stir into the simmering gumbo.
Mix in crab, shrimp, and Worcestershire sauce, and simmer until flavors have blended, 45 minutes to an hour. You can reduce the heat to low and keep in on the stove for hours, if you need to.
Just before serving, stir in 2 more teaspoons of file gumbo powder.

Submitter: 
ThePolo
Description: 
null
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
2 h
Number of servings: 
20
Nutritional Facts:
NA
