URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64699694/savory-citrus-spinach-salad-with-cranberry-dressing/
Title:
Savory Citrus Spinach Salad  with Cranberry dressing Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/5324579.jpg
Ingredients:
2 pink grapefruits
1 orange, zested & divided
1/2 cup coursely chopped walnuts
1/2 cup crumbled feta cheese
1 (5 oz.) bag baby spinach leaves
Dressing:
2-3 tablespoons cranberry juice
2 tablespoons "Sugar in the Raw" (or you can use white sugar)
1/2 cup olive oil
1 teaspoon dried parsley
1/2 teaspoon kosher salt

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Spread chopped walnuts on baking sheet and toast until golden and fragrant; approximately 4-5 minutes. Remove and set aside.
Slice the top and bottoms of grapefruit and cut along the curve top down to remove skin and pith of fruit. Repeat with remaining grapefruit and orange.
On plate or shallow bowl cut grapefruits and orange in separate segments cutting from connective membranes and catching any extra juices. (save juices for dressing)
Lightly squeeze segments for extra juice that will be used for dressing.
In a large mixing bowl combine toasted chopped walnuts, baby spinach leaves, feta cheese, grapefruit and orange slices.
Pour grapefruit and orange juices into a measuring cup and add cranberry juice to reach 1/3 cup.
Whisk in olive oil, 1 teaspoon of divided orange zest, dried parsley, sugar in the raw,  and kosher salt until dressing is thickened.
Drizzle dressing over salad.
Garnish with some of the remaining orange zest.
* note add some sliced strawberries for some sweetness and bright festive color to the salad.

Submitter: 
Sahara B
Description: 
Summer citrus salads always must in our Texas heat.  This spinach citrus salad is a quick and easy fix that can be whipped up easily with most items you already keep in your pantry/kitchen.  I can easily have this as meal in itself but, it works great as a side salad with a cool cucumber/ alfalfa/ Tzatziki 1/2 sandwich. The options are endless and yours to create.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
