URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64702171/chai-caramel-tiramisu/
Title:
Chai Caramel Tiramisu Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/5417626.jpg
Ingredients:
7 Large		Egg Yolks
1 cup		Sugar for yolks
3 cups 		Mascarpone
4.5 Tbsp	Water
1.5 Tbsp	Powdered gelatin (2 packets)
3 Large		Egg Whites
.25 cup 	Sugar for whites
1 cup 		Heavy Cream, whipped
2 cups 		Chai Tea Concentrate (I use Tazo Brand)
20 to 24 	Ladyfingers
1 cup 		Salted Caramel Sauce

Directions:
With a whip, whip yolks and sugar over a double boiler until 138* F.
Take off heat and whip until thick and pale in color (ribbon stage).
Add mascarpone and whip until well incorporated.
Pour water into a small bowl then sprinkle powdered gelatin over it. Do not stir.
Allow gelatin to absorb all of the water (about 15 minutes) then place the bowl on top of  the double boiler until the gelatin is melted and liquid.
In a separate bowl, whip egg whites and sugar over a double boiler until sugar is melted and temperature reaches over 138*F
Take off the heat and continue to whip egg white mixture to a soft peak, then slowly pour in dissolved gelatin.
Whip to a stiff, glossy peak. Fold whites into mascarpone and yolk mixture, then fold in whipped cream.
In a separate bowl pour 2 cups of chai concentrate, you will use this to soak each lady finger for 3-4 seconds each before adding them to the layer
In a 8x10-inch dish lined with plastic wrap: First put a layer of cream, then a very thin layer of caramel, then arrange soaked ladyfingers close together in neat rows until the pan is completely covered.
Repeat the previous step to make another layer, reserving a small amount of cream for the top after your second layer of lady fingers.
Once you place your second set of lady fingers, take your remaining cream and lightly spread the cream over the lady fingers, sealing the tiramisu.
Chill until set (About 6 hours). Turn out of dish when completely set to cut and serve.
Garnish with drizzled Caramel on top to serve.

Submitter: 
ToriGeib
Description: 
A Caramel Chai Spin on a Classic Tiramisu. A couple tips when making this: 1) Use a high quality, dense lady finger - I get the Whole Food's Organic Lady Fingers 2) Only soak each lady finger for about 3 seconds or your tiramisu will be too soggy Also, unlike many tiramisu's you will find, this recipe cooks the eggs to a temperature that matches pasteurization temps. I did this because of being in a high risk population. If you want to skip a step and aren't afraid of the raw eggs, you can skip the double boiler for cooking the eggs.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
6 h - overnight
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
