URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64702067/red-potato-kielbasa-skillet-galore/
Title:
Red Potato Kielbasa Skillet Galore Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/5387414.jpg
Ingredients:
3/4 pound fully cooked Polish Kielbasa Sausage, in into 1/4 inch slices
1 pound baby red potatoes cut into approximately 1-inch pieces
2 bell peppers, sliced (use red and yellow or even orange to add color)
3/4 cup chopped yellow onion (use red onion instead  to add some flavorful color)
approximately 1 cup (good handful or two) sliced red/purple cabbage
5-6 slices prosciutto, cooked and corse chopped
3-4 tablespoons water
2 tablespoons brown sugar
2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar
1 tablespoon dijon mustard
1 1/2 teaspoon fresh minced thyme
1/4 teaspoon black pepper
2 tablespoons Extra Virgin Olive Oil (EVOO)
dash of Frank's Red Hot sauce
Black pepper to taste (sausage and prosciutto have plenty of sodium already)
sliced chives for garnish

Directions:
Place potatoes and water in a microwave safe dish and cover. Microwave on high until potatoes are tender, 3-4 minutes; drain and set aside.
In small mixing bowl, combine brown sugar, vinegar, mustard, thyme, pepper and dash of hot sauce to taste.
In a large skillet, heat olive oil over medium-high heat; saute onion and kielbasa until onion just tender.
Add potatoes; cook and stir until lightly browned (3-5 minutes). Stir in brown sugar mixture, cover and bring to quick boil, then reduce to simmer uncovered stirring occasionally add cabbage to slightly wilt (approximately 2 minutes)
Stir in Proscuitto and combine all. Garnish with some sliced chives and serve.

Submitter: 
Sahara B
Description: 
All I have to say is...a quick and easy, colorful skillet dinner that's packed with flavor. Serve as a dinner meal or add eggs for a morning skillet. The opportunities are unlimited.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
