URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64705633/three-cheese-pasta-with-greens/
Title:
Three Cheese Pasta with Greens Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/5474389.jpg
Ingredients:
Pasta (any shape)
2 Tbsp Butter
2 Tbsp All-purpose Flour
2½ Cups Heavy Cream
4 oz. Goat Cheese (Chèvre)
4 oz. Fontina Cheese
Grated Parmesan Cheese for garnish
One Pot of Water, Salted to taste
A handful of Baby Arugula
2 Tbsp Olive Oil
One Clove of Garlic, diced
Four small bunches Swiss Chard
A small bunch of Basil Leaves
A handful of Baby Carrots

Directions:
Pour some water into a large pot, add baby carrots if desired (about six or seven per serving), add a pinch of salt if desired, and get it boiling!
Melt the butter in a saucepan. Once it is all melted, add flour and mix well. Add heavy cream and continue mixing (with a wooden spoon or whisk) to make a roux.
Once you have a thick roux, break the goat cheese into pieces and mix it in. Shred the Fontina with a cheese grater, and add it to the sauce once the goat cheese has melted completely.
Set the sauce aside once the Fontina has melted and the mixture has thickened.
In the meantime, sauté a diced clove of garlic in olive oil. Once it starts to brown, add de-ribbed chard leaves, tearing them as they go into the pan.
Once the chard has wilted, add a handful of baby arugula leaves. Once those have wilted, use herb shears to chop up a leaf of basil over the sauté.
Once everything has wilted, turn the heat off. If desired, pour some of the white sauce over it and mix it in.
Once the pot of water is boiling, add pasta and cook as the package directs, stirring with a pasta spoon.
Once it is al dente, strain it, and then pile it onto the serving plate.
Add the greens on top, then top with a sprinkling of grated Parmesan cheese and some more white sauce. Add a raw basil leaf to the center for a decorative touch, and serve.

Submitter: 
Chef AidF
Description: 
I needed something nice and easy after doing my own ravioli for the first time, so this is what I came up with. It's a cheesy dish with lots of greens, served with the pasta of your choice.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
25 m
Number of servings: 
5
Nutritional Facts:
NA
