URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64708972/twice-baked-browned-butter-potatoes-in-foil/
Title:
Twice Baked Browned Butter Potatoes in Foil Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/5532772.jpg
Ingredients:
15 wholes roasting red skinned potatoes, unpeeled, unforked
2 large onions quarter and cut julienne
browned butter
seasoning salt
salt and pepper
paprika
lemon pepper or lemon (optional)
1 1/2 tablespoons oil

Directions:
Quick Instructions:  Make browned butter.  Boil potatoes. Caramelize onions.  Put a little browned butter on bottom of foil.  Slice potatoes, season, add browned butter and top with caramelized onions.  Add any other toppings. Wrap foil around and reheat,
Boil whole potatoes in water till fork tender. Caramelize onions. (Cook cut onion in 1/4 cup water. when cooked, add oil and brown. If it gets too dry, add a bit of water to remove brown areas (deglaze). Add a bit of butter and salt.)
In foil, put a little browned butter on bottom. Cut potatoes in half. Slice potatoes into 1/4 – 1/3" slices and place the half potato (in potato shape or separated) onto foil 7" tinfoil (approx.).. Season with salt, pepper, seasoning salt and paprika. Top with caramelized onion and put into oven for ½ hour at 350 degrees.
Full Length Recipe
Wash and clean the potatoes. The potatoes should not be too large as it will take longer to boil. Boil until potatoes are fork tender. Drain and cool.
While potatoes are cooking caramelize onions. Cut onions into quarters and cut in smaller pieces. In a large cooking pot, add 1 cup water. Cook until onions are white soft. Add 1 1/2 tablespoons oil, and saute. If it browns in one area, add a little water and stir with onions. Cook until caramel brown. Move to bowl.
Cut potatoes in half. Slice potatoes in smaller slices Cut tinfoil into 7 inch or larger square. Add a 1/2 teaspoon butter on bottom of foil Add potato and season as desired. The potato can be left as halved and sliced, or separated. Add onions between slices or on top. Top with 1/2 teaspoon butter.
You can use regular butter, but the browned butter gives the potatoes a richer flavor. To brown butter see information at: http://dish.allrecipes.com/browning-butter/?internalSource=articlecard&referringContentType=search%20results&clickId=cardslot%207 Browned Butter can be frozen in smaller amounts and thawed as needed. Other uses for browned butter: Crab, veggies (asparagus, corn, carrots, etc.), pasta with mizithra cheese, spreading on breads.
Bake until heated or in oven at 350 degrees for 30 minutes. Can also be warmed on campfire, don't put too close to heat.

Submitter: 
K. Lea
Description: 
Great for a crowd, the potatoes are tender soft and only need to be reheated.  Can make ahead and take on a camping trip.  By boiling the potatoes in the skins, they are so moist.  Everything is cooked, so even if you get rained out, you still have a quick and delicious dish.  You can also add cooked cut up sausages, pepperonis, cheese, cooked green peppers and/or other veggies.  So Yummy! If cooking later, refrigerate until ready to use.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
1 h 30 m
Number of servings: 
30
Nutritional Facts:
NA
