URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64700028/cindys-butter-chicken/
Title:
Cindy's Butter Chicken Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
INGREDIENTS:
2 cups basmati rice
1/4 cup butter + 2 tablespoons
1 sweet onion, diced
1 small red bell pepper, diced
4 cloves garlic, minced
1 tablespoon freshly grated ginger
1 1/2 tablespoons garam masala
1 tablespoon ground turmeric
2 teaspoons smoked paprika
1 teaspoon ground cumin
1/4 teaspoon ground cayenne pepper, optional
Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste
1 (14.5-ounce) can petite diced tomatoes
1 (8-ounce) can tomato sauce
1/2 cup chicken stock (Optional additional 3 cups for Rice instead of water)
2 pounds boneless, skinless chicken breasts or thighs, cut into 1-inch chunks
1/2 cup heavy cream
2 tablespoons all-purpose flour
1/4 cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves, divided
5 oz plain yogurt

Directions:
DIRECTIONS:
Cook rice according to package instructions; consider using chicken broth instead of water
Saute butter, onion and bell pepper. Cook, stirring frequently, until tender, about 3-5 minutes. Stir in garlic, ginger, garam masala, turmeric, paprika, cumin and cayenne pepper, if using, until fragrant, about 3 minutes; season with salt and pepper, to taste. Remove from pan.
Melt 2 tablespoons of butter in pan and add chicken. Brown on all sides.
Stir in seasoned vegetables, diced tomatoes, tomato sauce, chicken stock and bring to boil.
Simmer 20 minutes and then start rice according to package directions and allow chicken to continue to simmer while rice cooks.
When rice is finished cooking, in a small bowl, whisk together heavy cream and flour. Turn temperature to medium high and bring to decent boil.. Stir in heavy cream mixture and cook, stirring frequently, until slightly thickened, about 3 minutes. Stir in yogurt, cilantro; season with salt and pepper, to taste.
Serve immediately over rice.

Submitter: 
Cindy
Description: 
Easy recipe for flavorful butter chicken.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
5 m
Ready in:
50 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
