URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64700043/kung-pao-chicken/
Title:
Kung Pao Chicken Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/5332627.jpg
Ingredients:
2 lbs chicken breasts, cut into bite-sized pieces
4 tablespoons peanut oil (or vegetable oil)
4 cloves of garlic, minced
1 tsp crushed red pepper flakes (Use more for added heat.)
1 green bell pepper, roughly chopped
1 red bell pepper, roughly chopped
3/4 cup roasted peanuts
5 green onions, chopped
8 Japanese chili cut in half
Marinade for chicken:
4 tbsp. soy sauce
2 tbsp. balsamic vinegar
3 tsp. sesame oil
4 tsp. cornstarch
Sauce:
4 tbsp. soy sauce
2 tbsp. dark soy sauce
2 tbsp. hoisin sauce
4 tsp. balsamic vinegar
2 tsp. sesame oil
1 ½ tbsp. sugar
2 tbsp. cornstarch

Directions:
In a medium bowl, prepare the marinade by whisking together soy sauce, balsamic vinegar, sesame oil, and cornstarch. Add the chicken and stir to coat. Cover and let marinate at room temperature for about 15 minutes.
In another bowl, to prepare the sauce whisk together the soy sauce, dark soy sauce, hoisin sauce, balsamic vinegar, sesame oil, sugar, and cornstarch. Set aside.
In a wok (or large skillet) over medium heat, add the peanut oil. Stir in the crushed red pepper flakes. Add the red, green bell peppers and the Japanese chili. Cook for 3-4 minutes or until the peppers are slightly softened. Stir in the minced garlic. Cook for an additional minute. Add the chicken (no need to include extra marinade). Cook the chicken for 4-5 minutes or until it's thoroughly cooked.
Add the sauce to the chicken and mix it well to coat the chicken. Stir in the peanuts and cook for an additional 1-2 minutes. Remove from heat and toss in half of the chopped green onions. Transfer to a plate; sprinkle the top with the remaining green onions.
Serve with white rice.

Submitter: 
mytable_yourtummy
Description: 
A spicy, stir-fried Chinese dish made with chicken, peanuts, vegetables, and chili peppers. Perfect combination of Salty, Sweet and Spicy!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
