URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64701334/chicken-in-poblano-cream-sauce/
Title:
Chicken in Poblano Cream Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/5367038.jpg
Ingredients:
2 lbs. boneless, skinless chicken breast (about 4 half breasts) cubed
5 fresh poblano peppers
2 serrano chilies
1 16oz. sour Cream
1 garlic clove
2 tbsp. vegetable oil
2 tbsp. chicken bouillon
Salt & pepper to taste

Directions:
Put all the peppers to roast on stovetop open fire, meaning turn on the stove and place peppers to the open fire. Let the skins burn pretty well rotating peppers so that they get charred on all sides.
Remove peppers from fire and place in large zip lock bag or some sort of bag that can be closed to hold in the steam. This will help cook the peppers and help with the skin peeling process. Let them stay in bag while you cook the chicken.
Preheat oven to 350. Grease a 9x13 baking dish with cooking spray.
Add oil to a large skillet on medium heat. Place the chicken in the hot skillet and cook for about 15-20 minutes. Add salt & pepper to taste. Make sure chicken is well done and golden. Put the chicken in the greased dish.
Take out the peppers from bag and remove the skins (use some sort of disposable gloves or plastic bags on hands to prevent your hands from burning). These should peel off pretty easily. You can use a butter knife to scrape off the skins for the serrano chilies.
Place all the peppers in a blender and add the garlic clove, sour cream, chicken bouillon and about ½ cup water. Blend very well.
Pour the poblano cream on top of the chicken in dish. Cover with foil and bake for 45 minutes.
Remove and let sit 5 minutes.
Serve

Submitter: 
mytable_yourtummy
Description: 
Poblano peppers is one of my favorite peppers to cook with. When roasted, they give a strong earthy taste to your food. So of course I had to add this recipe to my collection, with the spicy, creamy flavor this is absolutely one of my favorites.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
