URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64703612/dandelion-wine/
Title:
dandelion wine Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
3 quarts dandelion blossoms
1 gallon water
2 oranges, with peel, preferably organic (Buy organic oranges)
1 lemon, with peel, preferably organic (Buy organic lemons)
3 pounds sugar
1 package  wine yeast
1 pound raisins, preferably organic (Buy organic raisins)

Directions:
1) Collect the blossoms when they are fully open on a sunny day. Remove any green parts; they will impair fermentation (and ruin the taste of the wine).
2) Bring the water to a boil and pour it over the flowers in a large pot or crock. Cover and let steep for three days.
3)  Prepare the oranges and the lemon. I used organic oranges and lemon, zested about half the skin off  and cut the rest off in very thin strips to minimize the amount of white pith I added to the brew. (The Microplane grater is excellent for zesting.)  I peeled the citrus completely and sliced them into thin rounds. (My mom just sliced them in rounds without peeling when she made the wine.)
4) Add the orange and lemon zest to the flower-water mixture and bring to a boil. Remove from heat, strain out solids, then add the sugar (I used one pound Florida Crystals and two pounds white sugar), stirring until it is dissolved. Allow to cool.
5)  Add the orange and lemon slices, yeast, and raisins to the liquid. Put everything into a crock with a loose lid (so gas can escape) to ferment. (I covered it with a clean cotton towel held down by a rubber band.) Stir daily with a wooden spoon or non-reactive stir stick
6)  When the mixture has stopped bubbling (1 -2 weeks), fermentation is complete. Strain the liquid through several layers of cheesecloth (I think my jelly bags would work well for this, too) and transfer to sterilized bottles. Slip a deflated balloon over the top of each bottle to monitor for further fermentation. When the balloon remains deflated for 24 hours, fermentation is complete. Cork the bottles and store in a cool, dark place for at least six months before drinking.

Submitter: 
George. P. Cooper
Description: 
got lot of those yellow guys, so put them to work
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
60
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
