URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64704693/pan-seared-sea-scallops-and-lemon-caper-pasta/
Title:
Pan Seared Sea Scallops and Lemon Caper Pasta Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/5450652.jpg
Ingredients:
1 lb. sea scallops (large/jumbo approx 1 inch wide)
1/2 lb. angel hair pasta
2 tbsp. olive oil
3 tbsp. unsalted butter
3 tsp. minced garlic
1/2 cup chardonnay wine (use a quality wine - DO NOT use cooking wine)
1 cup chicken broth
2 tbsp. juice of fresh lemon plus zest from 1 lemon
2 tbsp. capers, rinsed
1 tbsp. finely chopped fresh parsley
1 cup grape tomatoes sliced in half on diagonal
1/4 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese, for garnish
kosher salt and fresh ground black pepper for seasoning

Directions:
Scallops:
Dry scallops very well blotting with paper towel then season both sides with salt.
Heat large skillet over med-high heat and add 2 tbsp olive oil until oil ripples and begins to smoke.
Add seasoned scallops to hot pan (don't crowd). Cook scallops without moving them until bottoms are rich golden brown (approx. 2-3 minutes).
Add 1 tbsp of butter to skillet. Turn the scallops and caramelize the second side, approx. 1 1/2 - 2 minutes. Turn off heat and transfer scallops to a plate (do not discard the skillet contents) and lightly season with fresh ground pepper. Tent plate to keep warm while making pasta.
Lemon Caper Pasta:
Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Meanwhile make lemon caper sauce.
In the skillet that cooked scallops, turn heat to medium and add 1 tbsp of butter and garlic. Stir and cook garlic for approximately 1 minute (fragrant but not browned).
Turn up heat to to medium-high and add 1/2 cup wine and simmer, stirring occasionally until wine mixture reduced by half (approximately 3 minutes).
Add chicken broth, lemon juice, lemon zest and capers; turn heat to high and cook and stir until sauce in reduced by 1/2 (approximately 8 -9 minutes).
Turn off heat and add 1 tbsp. of butter and whisk to combine; adding any salt and pepper to taste.
Meanwhile, cook angel hair pasta in boiling salted water till al dente, drain and add to sauce.
Add parsley and tomatoes and gently toss.
Divide pasta to plates and top with scallops and garnish with grated Parmesan cheese.

Submitter: 
Sahara B
Description: 
I know there are a million recipes out there for scallops and garlic lemon caper pasta, but I truly think this kicks...arse! Light on the calories, full hardy meal by itself and great any day of the week. The mix of citrus, wine, tomatoes and garlic is just a great combination. If you want a little more kick though add a dash of Tabasco...just saying.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15
Ready in:
40
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
