URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64700356/chicken-fried-rice/
Title:
Chicken Fried Rice Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/5340921.jpg
Ingredients:
6 cups cooked rice- day old or room temperature
1 stick sweet butter (softened)
3 garlic cloves, minced
6 tsp. sesame oil divided
5 eggs, beaten
2 boneless chicken breasts, cubed
1 cup frozen peas, thawed
1 cup frozen carrots, thawed
1 cup onion, diced
1/2 cup green onion
salt and pepper to taste
4 tbsp. low sodium soy sauce
2 tbsp. toasted sesame seeds (optional)
1 tbsp. Kosher salt

Directions:
For best results use day old cooked white rice. If you do not have day old rice, cook rice-For this recipe you would use 6 cups of water and 3 cups of uncooked rice, pinch of salt and once you bring it to a boil, turn the heat down and cook for 20 minutes covered. Note: double the water per each cup of uncooked rice. You must evenly spread the rice out after it is cooked in a shallow pan and cool it off in fridge or freezer.
Make the Japanese butter- Use a fork to mash the butter or use a hand mixer if you want. You want to make a paste with the garlic. To do this, Trim off the ends of the garlic cloves and slice the cloves in half lengthwise. Turn the cloves flat side down on the cutting board. Lay the side of the blade of a knife on each clove and smash down with the heel of your palm. Sprinkle the garlic with kosher salt and chop coarsely. Pile the chopped garlic on one side of the board. Tilt the knife at a 30-degree angle to the board and drag it over the garlic, scraping it across the surface of the board. Pile up the garlic again, sprinkle lightly with salt, and scrape again. Repeat once or twice until the garlic is a smooth paste. Add the garlic to the butter and mix really well. Keep the bowl on the counter ready for use.
Cut your cleaned chicken breast into small, cubed bite size pieces.	Chop your onion. Thinly cut the green part on the green onion. Scramble the eggs in a frying pan with 2 tsp. of sesame oil. Make sure the eggs are scrambled into small pieces.
In a large frying pan or a wok add 3 tbsp. of sesame oil and cook the onion on medium heat for 5 minutes stirring often. Now add your cubed chicken and stir often. Add some salt and pepper to taste. Cook chicken about 5-7 minutes on medium heat. Don’t over cook the chicken. Add 2 tbsp. of the Japanese butter. Add the peas, carrots, and green onions. Cook for 5 minutes or until just tender. Do not overcook. Stir often. Leave in pan.

Submitter: 
mytable_yourtummy
Description: 
Best Chicken fried rice, without having to go out.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
