URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64705934/asparagus-quiche/
Title:
Asparagus Quiche Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/5482617.jpg
Ingredients:
NOTE:
European white asparagus can be used, provided it has been peeled, tough ends removed, then  soaked in salted water at least 4 hours, drained, steamed and cooled prior  to beginning this recipe.
As is common in European recipes using white cheeses, white pepper is used.
Crust:
3 cups all purpose flour
2 sticks unsalted butter
1/8 c chopped fresh herbs
1 t white pepper, powdered.
pinch of pink sea salt
1/4 cup heavy cream
Very top before last baking:
1 egg white
chopped dill
garlic flour-powder
Filling:
4 large eggs
1 1/2 c Gruyére or aged Swiss cheese, grated
1 cup heavy cream
1 T olive oil
3 Bay leaves
1/4 c onion, shaved thinly, cut into 1" lengths
6 large cloves of garlic, peeled and sliced thinly
1/4 c creme fraîche
1/4 t white pepper
2 T chopped herbs
20 asparagus spears, thin, steamed, cooled and rough ends removed.
10 wide and long shaved strips of parmesan cheese.
Top layer after cooling and before serving:
1 T creme fraîche
pinch of dill
1/8 t garlic flour

Directions:
Crust:
Mix dry ingredients, stirring with a whisk in a medium sized mixing bowl.
Chop chilled butter and strew over dry mixture, incorporating the butter into it until it resembles course crumbs.
Sprinkle cream over  top of mixture and bring together into a ball with your hands, gently, stopping as soon as a smooth ball (not wet or gooey) develops.  If necessary, use a sprinkle of water here and there at the end, but not too much.  Keep dough smooth not sticky.
Cut the dough in half.
Using a 9" spring form pan, sprinkle the base with a teaspoon of flour.
Spread half of the dough onto the spring form base, and press out a bit to flatten it.  Sprinkle it and rolling pin with a tad of flour, and roll out, filling the base.  This technique ensures the dough is not thicker than the base rim of the pan, and makes for an optimal crust base for the quiche.  Your rolling pin rolls on top of the spring form pan's rim edge, creating the even height template.
Trim off any extras and add to other half of dough.
Roll remaining dough out, creating long strips about 2" wide.  If they crack it is completely fine.  Take pieces you rolled out and place them from the bottom of the quiche base, up the sides, pressing the dough into the base piece to connect the two areas.  Press any holes together, and create a crust that is even all the way around.  Next, even out the top edges of the crust because this will be the final edge when taking out of the pan.  It will be optically correct and pleasing to the eye.
Cover edges with crust barrier, and bake at 375 for 20 minutes, until golden.
Remove from oven, and remove covering.
Filling:
In a skillet, coat with 1 T olive oil, sauté onion, garlic and bay leaves until clear.
Add heavy cream, and continue to sauté until mixture is fragrant, about 15 minutes on very low heat setting.
When finished, discard bay leaves.
Set into refrigerator  to cool while beating the eggs, next.
NOTE: BAY LEAF CANNOT BE ALLOWED TO FRY OR BROWN.
In a medium bowl, beat 4 eggs, 5 minutes on high, until frothy.  Add cream, herbs and white pepper, beating another 30 seconds.
Stir in grated cheeses and roasted garlic-onion mixture.
Add the egg mixture to the cooled cream mixture, stirring just gently to combine.
Stir in grated cheeses, herbs, pepper, salt.
Pour cheese-egg mixture into prepared crust.
Pat asparagus spears dry, and cut, measuring from the tips down, at the 4" mark.
The remaining tender lengths, cut down the middle lengths, creating double their number.
Place the tips, from the center of the mixture, arraying out to the edge, the tips will be slightly overlapping creating a star form. The remaining lengths will sink a bit.
The remaining cut lengths of asparagus, place in between the top pieces, down into the egg mix

Submitter: 
BeachMom65
Description: 
I love the combination of white cheeses and white pepper with asparagus.  I often add prosciutto rolled around the top layer of the asparagus.   Another option is usually to serve the quiche on its own, but with a side of prosciutto and onion slices on the side with a dollop of deli mustard.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30
Ready in:
2 hrs
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
