URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64700526/shrimp-and-grits/
Title:
Shrimp and Grits Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
THE GRITS:
4 cups water
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 cup regular grits
6 ounces sharp Cheddar cheese, grated
3 tablespoons butter
Salt to taste
THE SHRIMP:
1 pound fresh medium shrimp
2 cups water
4 tablespoons butter
1 large onion, chopped
1/2 green bell pepper, seeded and chopped
2 garlic cloves, minced
1 cup diced ripe fresh tomatoes
1/2 teaspoon dried thyme, crumbled
1 tablespoon all­purpose flour
1 tablespoon store­bought or homemade tomato paste
1/2 cup heavy cream
2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce
Salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste
Store­bought or homemade Tabasco sauce, to taste
2 tablespoons chopped flat­leaf parsley leaves

Directions:
FOR THE GRITS:
Combine the water and salt in a heavy saucepan and bring to a boil.
Gradually add the grits, stirring, reduce the heat to low, cover, and cook till the liquid has been absorbed, 15 to 25 minutes, stirring occasionally.
Remove the pan from the heat; add the cheese and butter, and stir till melted.
Keep warm.
FOR THE SHRIMP:
Meanwhile, peel and devein the shrimp, combine the shells and water in a saucepan, and reserve the shrimp.
Bring the water to a boil, reduce the heat slightly, cook till the liquid is reduced by half, and strain the stock
into a bowl.
In a large skillet, melt the butter over moderate heat, add the onion, bell pepper, and garlic and cCook, stirring, till softened, about 3 minutes.
Add the tomatoes and thyme and cook about 3 minutes longer.
Sprinkle the flour over the top and stir well.
Add the reserved shrimp and cook, stirring, till they turn pink, about 2 minutes.
Add 1/2 cup of the stock, cook 3 minutes longer, add the tomato paste, and stir well.
Add the cream, Worcestershire, salt and pepper,Tabasco, and, if necessary, a little more stock to make a sauce that easily coats the shrimp. Heat well.
SERVING: Place a portion of grits in the center of each plate and spoon shrimp over or around it.
Sprinkle with parsley.

Submitter: 
Sudie B
Description: 
We enjoyed this recipe in South Carolina, when we were visiting with Liz and Mel.  Yum!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
