URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64708852/sausage-and-chard-crepes-with-pesto/
Title:
Sausage and Chard Crêpes with Pesto Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/5530467.jpg
Ingredients:
Four Italian Chicken Sausages, chopped into discs
One Bunch Swiss Chard, rinsed and chopped
2 Cups Basil Leaves, rinsed
Two Large Eggs
One Cup All-Purpose Flour
One Cup Milk
2 Tbsp Melted Butter
Two Cloves of Garlic, minced
3 Tbsp Olive Oil
Two Cloves of Garlic
2 Tbsp Pine Nuts
½ Cup Olive Oil
½ Cup Grated Parmesan Cheese
A topping of Grated Parmesan Cheese

Directions:
Rinse the basil and chard leaves and allow them to drain.
Cut the sausages into discs and sauté them in 3 Tbsp olive oil in a large frying pan until they are golden-brown (around five minutes if they are pre-cooked).
Move the sausages to the outer rim of the sauté pan and add two minced cloves of garlic to the center. Sauté the garlic until it is translucent (around two minutes), then cut up, de-rib, and add the chard on top of it. Sauté until the chard is wilted, using a wooden spoon or spatula to move it around. Once the chard is wilted, turn the heat off.
Crack two eggs into a food processor, and add a cup of flour, along with 2 Tbsp melted butter (melt in microwave) and milk, and turn the food processor on. Leave it on until the mixture (batter) inside is thick and even. Pour the batter into a liquid measuring cup so it can be poured in a stream.
Get a small frying pan on the stove, turn the stove on, and coat the pan, using a brush, with a small amount of melted butter.
Pour a small amount of batter into the pan in a stream. Swirl the pan to cover it in batter, wait until the top surface starts to get dry, then flip it over to cook the other side for a couple of minutes. Use a spatula to place the finished crêpe on a plate.
Once you have used up all the crêpe batter, clean the food processor out for pesto. Add two peeled cloves of garlic, basil leaves, and pine nuts to the processor, and run it until the mixture inside is a solid green. You can use a plastic spatula to scrape the inside if there are any whole basil leaves remaining.
Add ½ cup olive oil in a stream while the processor is running. After mixing for a few minutes, add ½ cup Parmesan cheese and mix for another minute or so. The mixture inside should be a liquid.
Preheat the broiler to its highest setting. Add some of the sausage and chard mixture to the center of each crêpe and top with pesto, then wrap the crêpes shut and place them in a baking pan. Top each sealed crêpe with additional pesto, and coat the whole thing with a topping of grated Parmesan cheese.
Place the pan in the broiler for about two minutes (or until the cheese is bubbly), then remove it and use a spatula to serve.

Submitter: 
Chef AidF
Description: 
This recipe is my second attempt at crêpes. Not surprisingly, the filling is savory again! It's  a hearty mix of a French classic and an Italian sauce.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
60 m
Ready in:
70 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
