URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64702618/gluten-free-keto-graham-cracker/
Title:
GLUTEN FREE & KETO GRAHAM CRACKER Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 cups almond flour
1/2 teaspoon xanthan gum or 1 tsp flax meal
1/2 teaspoon kosher salt
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1 teaspoon ground cinnamon
5 1/2 tablespoons grass-fed butter at room temperature*
6 tablespoons Swerve or Pyure at half the amount
1 egg

Directions:
See recipe video for guidance! ??
Add almond flour, xanthan gum, salt, baking soda, and cinnamon to a medium bowl. Whisk until thoroughly combined and set aside.
Cream butter in a large bowl with an electric mixer, 2-3 minutes. Add in sweetener and continue to beat until thoroughly light and fluffy and much of the sweetener has dissolved.
Add in egg, mixing until just incorporated. The mixture will appear slightly 'broken' (i.e. not thoroughly smooth).
With your mixer on low, add in half of your flour mixture- mixing until just incorporated. Mix in the rest.
Wrap cookie dough with cling film (saran wrap) and refrigerate for at least an hour and up to 3 days.
Preheat oven to 350°F/180°C.
Roll out the dough between two pieces of parchment paper until nice and thin. Using a ruler or pastry cutter, cut dough lengthwise and then crosswise into squares. Prick each piece with a fork (optional).
Transfer parchment paper with the keto graham crackers to a baking sheet or tray, and place in the freezer for 10 minutes prior to baking. The shaped dough can be frozen for up to 3 months, and baked straight from the freezer (adding 2-3 minutes more to the baking time).
Bake for 8-12 minutes, until fully golden (depending on size and thickness). Keep an eye out for them, and note that if you like them crisp you'll want to push the baking time as much as possible (until deep golden).
Allow to cool for ten minutes before transferring to a cooling rack. Allow to cool completely, as they'll continue to crunch up (this may take a few hours for the sweetener to harden up again!).
Store in an airtight container for up to 5 days.
Notes---------------------

Submitter: 
Brent Leonard
Description: 
KETO PREP TIME: 20 MINUTES COOK TIME: 15 MINUTES CHILLING TIME: 1 HOUR TOTAL TIME: 35 MINUTES SERVINGS:  GRAHAM CRACKERS CALORIES: 71 KCAL
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
NA
