URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64700542/african-peanut-stew-vegan-instant-pot/
Title:
African Peanut Stew Vegan Instant Pot Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/5346032.jpg
Ingredients:
1 1/2 teaspoons cumin powder
1/2 teaspoon cinnamon powder
1/4 teaspoon cayenne powder
1/4 teaspoon dried red chili flakes
1/8 teaspoon clove powder
1 teaspoon salt
2 medium-sized sweet potato (about 1 lb.), cut into 1/2 inch chunks (about 3 cups / 415g)
1 cup yellow onion, diced (130g)
1/2 cup red bell pepper, diced (75g)
4 garlic cloves, minced
1 thumb-sized piece of ginger root, peeled and minced (about 2 teaspoons)
one 28 oz. / 794g can, carton or jar of crushed or diced tomatoes
1/2 cup peanut butter or alternative nut butter
2 cups water
3 cups collard greens, chopped
Chopped cilantro
Chopped peanuts

Directions:
Instant Pot Direction
In a small dish, mix together the cumin powder, cinnamon powder, cayenne powder, dried chili flakes, clove powder and salt. Set aside for now.
Wash, prep and measure out the rest of the ingredients. This will make throwing this together a breeze.
Press the saute button on your Instant Pot (IP) and allow it to heat for 2 minutes. Add the sweet potato, onion, and bell pepper. Cook for about 3 minutes, stirring occasionally. Add a splash of water and stir if things start sticking to the pot.
Add the ginger, garlic and spices, stir continually for 1 minute. Spices may stick a bit to the bottom of the pot. This is OK, as you will be deglazing the pot shortly.
Turn off the IP and add the tomatoes and the peanut butter and stir until all the peanut butter is mixed up.
Add the water, stir once more, and lock the IP lid into place, making sure the nozzle is pointed in the sealing position.
Use the manual mode and set the timer for 10 minutes.
When the timer goes off, use the natural release method. When all the pressure is out of the IP, take off the lid and stir in the collard greens.
Serve with cilantro and chopped peanuts

Submitter: 
Dea
Description: 
One of my go-to favorites, hubby would eat it weekly, and he's not vegan.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
