URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64703134/instant-pot-mexican-quinoa/
Title:
Instant Pot Mexican Quinoa Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/5413063.jpg
Ingredients:
1 tablespoon olive oil
1 small red onion, chopped
3 garlic cloves, chopped
14.5 oz can fire roasted tomatoes
3/4 cup corn kernels, I used frozen and added them to warm water for 5 minutes
15 oz can black beans, drained and rinsed
1/2 teaspoon cumin powder
1/2 teaspoon smoked paprika
1/4 teaspoon red chili powder, or to taste
3/4 teaspoon salt, or to taste
1/8 teaspoon black pepper
1 cup quinoa, uncooked, 180 grams
1-1.25 cups chicken broth, use 1 cup if you want quinoa grains more separated
2-3 tablespoons chopped cilantro
1 lime, juice of 1 lime
1 avocado, diced

Directions:
Press the saute button on the Instant Pot. Once it displays hot, add oil to it and then add the chopped onion, garlic and jalapeño. Saute for 2 minutes until the onion is softened.
Add the black beans, fire-roasted crushed tomatoes and corn kernels. Mix well. I used frozen corn kernels and put them in warm water for 5 minutes before adding to the pot.
Add the spices – cumin, smoked paprika, chili powder. Also add the salt and black pepper and mix.
Add the quinoa and toss until well combined. Then add the water or vegetable broth and mix.
Close the pot with its lid. Press the manual or pressure cook button and cook on high pressure for 1 minute with the pressure valve in the sealing position. Let the pressure release naturally.
Open the pot, fluff the quinoa with a fork. Add cilantro and lime juice.
Add in the diced avocados and serve Mexican Quinoa immediately. You may also top it with guacamole, salsa or some sour cream!

Submitter: 
Misty Noelle
Description: 
Mexican Quinoa flavored with cumin, smoked paprika and chili powder. This easy one pot meal is made in the Instant Pot and is the perfect meal for those busy days. Vegan & gluten-free.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10
Ready in:
30
Number of servings: 
5
Nutritional Facts:
NA
