URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64701578/savory-garlic-strip-steaks-with-seasoned-chipotle-sweet-potatoe-fries/
Title:
Savory Garlic Strip Steaks with seasoned Chipotle Sweet Potatoe Fries Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/5373997.jpg
Ingredients:
2 strip steaks (approximately 1 1/2 inches thick)
2 medium sweet potatoes cut lengthwise into thin slices (approximately 1/8 thick)
1 clove garlic thinly sliced (I use a truffle slicer for paper thin garlic slices)
1/2 tsp. ground cumin
kosher salt & ground black pepper
1 1/2 tbsp. extra virgin olive oil
1/4 tsp. ground chipotle pepper
2 tbsp. chopped fresh cilantro
2 small limes (1 zested and other quartered for serving)
For Dipping sauce:
1/3 cup mayonnaise (light mayo if preferred)
1/3 cup sour cream (light sour cream if preferred)
1/8 tsp. paprika powder
1/2 tbsp. hot sauce (I use Frank's hot sauce)
1/4 tsp. prepared horseradish (optional - I like the extra kick)

Directions:
Prior to broiling let pat dried steaks sit room temp for 15-20 mins.
Preheat broiler.
In a mixing bowl, combine cumin, garlic slices with 2 tsp. kosher salt and 1 tsp. ground black pepper then rub mixture all over steaks.
On baking sheet pan, toss sweet potato slices with olive oil.
Combine chipotle pepper with 1 tsp. kosher salt and 1/2 tsp. ground black pepper add mixture to potatoes and toss to coat.
Place steaks in center of baking sheet and surround potatoes in an even layer around steaks.
Broil steaks until browned, turn steaks and potatoes halfway through (approximately 8-9 mins. per side for medium rare)
Move steaks to cutting board and let rest for 10 minutes before slicing.
For dipping sauce:  in a small bowl, combine mayonnaise, sour cream, paprika, horseradish and hot sauce. Season with salt and pepper to taste.
Sprinkle cilantro and lime zest over steak and potatoes and serve with lime wedges and sauce.

Submitter: 
Sahara B
Description: 
If you love the combination of garlic, smoked Chipotle pepper and fresh chopped Cilantro on anything... then this is a great one-pan dinner that is simple, has an aroma that will wake up your senses and easy on cleanup! I first encountered this dish at a local Cuban/Latin restaurant and this recreation comes pretty darn close.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20
Ready in:
1 hr
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
