URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64700443/blackened-shrimp-avocado-black-bean-corn-salad-bowl/
Title:
Blackened Shrimp  Avocado Black Bean & Corn Salad Bowl Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/5343051.jpg
Ingredients:
1 pound large shrimp, peeled and deveined
1 Tablespoon Chili Powder
2 teaspoons paprika
1 teaspoon onion powder
1 1/2 teaspoons cumin
½ teaspoon garlic powder
1 teaspoon salt
¼ teaspoon pepper
3 Tablespoons olive oil, divided (2 to 1)
1 can corn, drained
1 red bell pepper diced
1 can black beans, drained
2 cups dirty brown rice, cooked (i like Zataran's  brand)
2 avocados, sliced
2 limes, small (1 for juice and other sliced for garnish)
Greek Yogurt Avocado Cilantro dressing:
1 avocado
¼ cup chopped cilantro
¼ cup Greek yogurt (I use Chobani plain yogurt brand)
1 garlic clove
3 Tablespoons olive oil, add more for smoother consistency
½ teaspoon salt
¼ teaspoon pepper

Directions:
In a large bowl combine the shrimp, chili powder, paprika, onion powder, cumin, garlic powder, and salt and pepper.
In a medium sized cast iron skillet add the olive oil and shrimp. Cook over medium high heat until no longer pink. ( approximately 2 minutes per side)
In medium bowl mix drained corn, diced red bell pepper, 1/4 cup chopped cilantro, 1 tablespoon olive oil and juice of 1 lime.
Assemble the bowls by dividing the shrimp, corn salad, black beans, rice, and avocado evenly.
Drizzle with Greek yogurt dressing.
*If prepping in advanced add sliced avocado and dressing just before serving.
To make the Greek Yogurt Avocado dressing: In a food processor, add avocado, cilantro, Greek yogurt, garlic, olive oil and salt and pepper. Pulse until smooth. Adding a little water at a time if smoother/thinner consistency is desired.

Submitter: 
Sahara B
Description: 
Blackened Shrimp Avocado Black bean & Corn Salad Bowl is big and bold in flavor and a healthy low calorie meal, packed with blackened shrimp, brown rice, corn, crisp bell pepper, black beans, and avocado. Easy to create with ingredients you probably already have in your kitchen/pantry. If prefer to serve burrito style, just heat up some flour tortillas and wrap it all up. Either way just delish!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
25
Ready in:
30
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
