URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64716496/smoked-brisket-and-pulled-pork-sandwich/
Title:
Smoked Brisket and Pulled Pork Sandwich Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/5787995.jpg
Ingredients:
3 lbs Pork shoulder (aka Boston butt)
12 oz peach nectar (canned)
2 cups apple juice
? cup Rob’s Smokin’ Rub (or your favorite dry rub) + additional for sprinkling
12 oz broccoli slaw (1 bag)
2 cups thinly sliced green cabbage
¼ cup diced red onion
¼ cup dried cranberries
¼ cup cooked and crumbled bacon
1 cup coleslaw dressing
Texas Chicken Tickler seasoning (or your favorite seasoning), to taste
8 Burger buns
BBQ sauce

Directions:
Remove the top layer of fat from the brisket using a sharp knife. (The seasoning will not penetrate the fat.)
Seasoning with kosher salt and pepper, followed by a liberal sprinkling of dry rub.
Place in an aluminum pan and smoke at around 225°F for 1 hour per pound.
When done smoking, allow it to cool for at least 30 minutes before roughly chopping with a sharp knife.
In a large bowl, combine the peach nectar, apple juice, and dry rub.
Inject the pork shoulder with about 1 - 1 1/2 cups of the mixture and generously season with the dry rub.
Place in an aluminum pan and smoke at 225°F for about 12 hours.
When done smoking, allow it to cool for at least 30 minutes before shredding with hands or meat claws.
Combine the broccoli slaw, shredded cabbage, red onion, dried cranberries, and bacon in a large bowl.
Toss with enough coleslaw dressing to fully coat everything.
Season to taste with Texas Chicken Tickler seasoning or your favorite seasoning.
Open up your burger bun and place a generous amount of BBQ sauce on the bottom.
Add a handful of the beef brisket to the bun and a squirt of BBQ sauce.
Top with a handful of the pork and a bit more BBQ sauce. Add a large spoonful of the slaw.
Squeeze a bit of BBQ sauce onto the top bun to finish the sandwich off.
Enjoy!!!

Submitter: 
Dads That Cook
Description: 
null
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 mins
Ready in:
12 hrs 15 mins
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
