URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64713351/pork-fried-rice-meatballs-with-homemade-sweet-and-sour-sauce/
Title:
Pork Fried Rice Meatballs with Homemade Sweet and Sour Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/5658766.jpg
Ingredients:
For the meatballs:
3/4 cup long grain white rice, thoroughly rinsed (I used Uncle Ben’s parboiled rice, which cooks in 10 minutes)
2 cups water
1/8 tsp salt
1/2 cup carrots, diced
2 tbsp tamari sauce (gluten free soy sauce)
1 tsp rice vinegar
1 pound ground pork
1 tsp ground ginger
1/4 tsp ground white pepper
1/2 tsp garlic powder
1/2 tsp salt
1 egg, lightly beaten
1/2 cup frozen peas
1/2 cup diced green onion
2 tbsp minced parsley
For the sauce
3 tbsp corn starch
2 tbsp water
1 cup pineapple juice
2/3 cup sugar
1/3 cup white distilled vinegar
1 tbsp rice vinegar

Directions:
1.	Boil two cups of water and 1/8 tsp salt add the rice and carrot. Cook until al dente. About 8 minutes. (This will depend on your rice. It could take up to 20 minutes). Drain and rinse. Set aside to cool. Drizzle tamari and rice vinegar over the cooled rice and stir.
2.	Preheat the oven to 200°C and line a large baking sheet with parchment paper.
3.	In a large bowl mix together the seasoned rice and carrots, ground pork, ginger, white pepper, garlic powder, salt, egg, frozen peas, and green onion. Mix with your hands until just combined. Do not over mix.
4.	Form golf ball size meatballs with the mixture. You should get about 25-30. Bake in the preheated oven until cooked throughout and browned on the outside, about 22 minutes.
5.	While the meatballs are cooking, make the sauce.
6.	Add two tbsp water to three tbsp of corn starch. Whisk well and set aside.
7.	Bring one cup pineapple juice, 2/3 cup sugar, 1/3 cup white distilled vinegar, and one tbsp rice vinegar to a boil in a medium saucepan over medium-high heat. Stir constantly. Take one tbsp of the mixture and add it to the cornstarch and water. Stir well. Add the cornstarch mixture to the saucepan whisking constantly. Reduce the heat to medium, continue whisking until thickened, about 3-4 minutes. Turn off the heat and pour into a serving dish.
8.	Once the meatballs are ready, arrange on a plate. Sprinkle with minced parsley. Serve hot with dipping sauce on the side or drizzled over the meatballs.
Note from Melanie:
I know our availability of brands/varieties of rice differ. I used Uncle Ben’s parboiled long grain white rice that cooks in 10 minutes. But I see on the uncle ben’s website that their loose white rice can takes 25 minutes. So, the rice simply needs to be al dente. I don’t know if y’all want to rewrite my instructions on this. I’ll leave that up to you.

Submitter: 
Buckwheat Queen
Description: 
All the deliciousness of pork fried rice in a portable, bite-size format. Serve with homemade sweet and sour sauce for a fun treat at your next game day party.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
16
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
