URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64716106/instant-pot-sausage-dressing/
Title:
Instant Pot ® Sausage Dressing Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/5750327.jpg
Ingredients:
1 large egg
1 cup chicken or turkey broth, divided
1/2 pound sweet Italian sausage
2 tablespoons unsalted butter
1 small onion, chopped
2 celery ribs, chopped
8 ounce can diced water chestnuts, drained
1/2 teaspoon dried thyme
1/2 teaspoon dried sage
1/2 teaspoon pepper
1 teaspoon salt
1/4 cup flat leaf parsley, finely chopped
5 cups plain stuffing bread cubes

Directions:
1. Whisk egg and 1/2 cup broth in a mixing bowl. Set aside.
2. Turn on a multi-functional cooker (such as Instant Pot (R)) and select Saute function. Add sausage and cook for 3 minutes; breaking it up as it cooks.
3. Add butter, onions, celery, and water chestnuts and cook for 4 minutes. Turn pot off. Add thyme, sage, pepper, salt, and parsley. Stir to combine. Add bread cubes to pot, pour egg mixture over the bread, and toss to combine.
4. Close and lock the lid. Select Manual; set time for 6 minutes. Allow 2 minutes for pressure to build. There will not be any pressure to release in this step. Carefully remove the lid and add the remaining 1/2 cup broth.
5. Close and lock the lid again. Select Manual; set time for 5 minutes. Allow 2 minutes for pressure to build. Carefully release pressure manually. Remove the lid and transfer dressing to a serving dish.
6. Cook's note: Due to the way the bread absorbs the liquid, it is important that you cook this in two steps as noted. If store bought stuffing bread cubes are not available, you can easily make your own. Cube 8 slices of bread and place on a baking sheet. Cook for 15-20 minutes in a 300 degree oven.

Submitter: 
Soup Loving Nicole
Description: 
Trying to shuffle different dishes that require different cooking temperature's on the big day can be challenging. Save yourself oven space and some of the hassle this Holiday season by letting your Instant Pot ® do some of the work for you.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
