URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64718895/easy-ground-turkey-lo-mein/
Title:
Easy Ground Turkey Lo Mein Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/5851449.jpg
Ingredients:
8 oz. lo mein noodles
1 tablespoon+1 teaspoon toasted sesame oil
1 1/2 tablespoons minced garlic
1 pound lean ground turkey (ground beef or chicken)
1 cup diced onion
1/4 cup diced red bell pepper
1 8 oz can water chestnuts, drained and diced
1 envelope onion soup mix
1/4 cup low sodium soy sauce
1 15 oz can low sodium chicken broth (beef broth if using ground beef)
1 cup sugar snap peas
3 cups celery cut 1/4 inch on the bias
12 oz bag fresh bean sprouts (mung beans)
Crushed red pepper flake or Sriracha to taste (optional)

Directions:
Cook lo mein noodles according to package instructions and toss with 1 teaspoon of sesame oil.
In a large saucepan set over medium heat add the tablespoon of sesame oil. Once hot, add the garlic, onion and ground turkey. Cook, stirring constantly, until the the ground turkey is no longer pink and cooked through. Drain excess grease and return to the pan.
Add water chestnuts, onion soup mix, soy sauce and chicken broth. Stir until well combined.
Add snap peas and celery to mixture. Stir and cook to desired texture.
Add bean sprouts and noodles to the mixture stir to combine and serve immediately.
Top with crushed red pepper flakes or Sriracha to taste. (optional)
Cooks note: You can find lo mein noodles in the Asian foods section of most major supermarkets. If you can’t find lo mein, you can substitute linguine or spaghetti.

Submitter: 
bd.weld
Description: 
This lo mein can be on the table in no time and is packed with flavor without having to use those fancy sauces. The excess liquid will be soaked up by the noodles. Rice in place of  the noodles works great. I've even used leftover vegetables.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
30 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
