URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64719606/gluten-free-chicken-and-waffles/
Title:
Gluten-Free Chicken and Waffles Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/5873168.jpg
Ingredients:
3/4 pound chicken tenders
1 cup buttermilk
1 cup superfine white rice flour
3 eggs
2 cups crushed corn flakes
1 cup bread crumbs
2 tsp creole seasoning
1/2 tsp salt
1/2 tsp pepper
9 slices bacon
1/2 cup light vegetable oil, or as much as needed for frying
1/2 cup brown rice flour
1/2 cup superfine white rice flour
1/4 cup corn starch
2 Tbsp tapioca starch
1 tbsp powdered milk
1 Tbsp baking powder, optional
Pinch of salt
2 eggs, separated
1/8 tsp cream of tartar
1 cup milk
1 Tbsp vegetable oil
1 tsp vanilla extract
1 Tbsp honey
3/4 cup maple syrup
1 tbsp Sriracha, or to taste
1.5 tbsp butter, at room temperature

Directions:
Put the chicken tenders in a zip top bag and pour in the buttermilk. Refrigerate for two hours or up to four hours. Allow the chicken to reach room temperature before cooking.
Stir together the maple syrup, Sriracha, and softened butter to create the condiment. Set aside.
Put one cup superfine white rice flour in a bowl. Put three eggs in a shallow dish and whisk. In another shallow dish, mix together the crushed corn flakes, bread crumbs, creole seasoning, salt, and pepper.
Drain the chicken discarding the buttermilk. One-by-one, dredge the chicken tenders in the white rice flour shaking off any excess. Then cover with egg, shaking off any excess. Dredge through the corn flake/bread crumbs. Tap to allow any excess to fall off. Rest on a plate. Continue with all the tenders. Run the tenders through the egg wash and dredge through the crumb mixture again. Tap and allow excess to fall off.
Heat a large skillet, cook the bacon over medium heat until slightly crispy. The objective is to render the fat off the bacon. Remove the bacon, placing it on a wire rack towels to drain off oil. Turn up the heat to medium-high. Add 1/2 cup oil to the bacon grease and bring to frying temperature, between 350°F and 375°F.
Fry the tenders until they have reached an internal temperature of 165°F. Place on the wire rack with the bacon.
Heat a waffle iron.
Whisk the egg whites and cream of tartar on medium-high in a  standing mixer until stiff peaks have formed.
In a mixing bowl, sift the flours, starches, and baking powder together, twice. Make a well in the center. Lightly stirring, pour in the egg yolks, milk, 1 tbsp oil, vanilla extract, and honey. Do not over mix. Fold in the egg whites until just combined. Leave pillows of egg whites because this will create fluffy pockets in your waffles. Cook batter in the waffle iron according to manufacturer’s instructions. This batter will make 7 - 6”x11”Belgian waffles. You will only need 6 for this recipe. Once cooled, you can freeze the remaining waffle if desired.
Heat the sauce in the microwave for one minute at 380W.
Put two waffles on each plate. Top each with three slices of bacon. Evenly distribute the chicken and top each with sauce. Serve immediately.
Notes/Footnotes:
The powdered milk helps the waffles brown. It can be left out if preferred. Try adding some Sriracha to the buttermilk for a spicier chicken.

Submitter: 
Buckwheat Queen
Description: 
Crispy fried chicken tenders and bacon served on a waffle topped with a creamy, spicy maple sauce will convince you to put your diet on hold for a day. And even though it’s all gluten free, it won’t matter to your glutenivores.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
3
Nutritional Facts:
NA
