URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64718051/gluten-free-fruitcake/
Title:
Gluten-Free Fruitcake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/5822025.jpg
Ingredients:
150 ml spiced rum
1 orange, juiced and zested
1 cup mixed dried fruits (raisins, sultans, cranberries, goji berries, cherries, etc.)
1/2 cup brown rice flour
1/3 cup potato starch
1/4 cup tapioca starch
1/2 cup almond meal
1 tsp ground cinnamon
1/2 tsp nutmeg
1/4 tsp ground cloves
1/4 tsp ground cardamom
1/4 tsp ground ginger
6 dates, pitted and chopped
2 large dried figs, chopped
1/4 cup candied fruit, chopped
1 tsp baking powder
2/3 cup butter, room temperature
1/2 cup raw cane sugar
1 tsp vanilla extract
2 eggs, room temperature
1/2 cup unsweetened applesauce
3/4 cup unsalted, raw mixed nuts (walnuts, pecans, hazelnuts, almonds)
1 ounce candied fruit slices
1/4 cup unsalted, raw mixed nuts, whole
3 Tbsp cherry flavored brandy

Directions:
Directions (numbered):
1.	Put the mixed dried fruits in a medium sized bowl, pour the 150ml spiced rum and orange juice over the mixed dried fruit- not the dates and figs, though. Set aside.
2.	Preheat an oven to 160°C. Butter a loaf pan. Set aside.
3.	In a bowl, whisk together the brown rice flour, potato starch, tapioca starch, almond meal, ground cinnamon, nutmeg, ground cloves, ground cardamom, and ground ginger. Reserve three tbsp then add the baking powder to the larger portion of the flour and spices and mix well.
4.	Put the chopped dried figs, chopped dates, orange zest, and chopped candied fruit in a bowl. Take two tbsp of the reserved flour mixture and sprinkle over the chopped figs and dates. Toss to coat.
5.	Cream the sugar and the butter using an electric mixer. Add the vanilla. Add the eggs one by one. Add the applesauce. Mix.
6.	Drain the mixed dried fruit reserving the rum. Add the drained dried fruit to the fig mixture and toss with the remaining tbsp reserved flour mixture.
7.	Add the rum and orange juice to the batter. Mix until just combined.
8.	Add the flour mixture little by little until just combined. Do not over mix.
9.	By hand, fold in the mixed fruits and nuts. Pour into the loaf pan. Decorate the top with the ounce of candied fruit slices and 1/4 whole nuts.
10.	Bake in the preheated oven for one hour. Reduce temperature to 145°C. Bake 30 minutes more or until browned on top and a toothpick comes out clean.
11.	Remove from the oven and let cool for at least 15 minutes before removing it from the loaf pan. Once removed, brush the three tbsp cherry flavored brandy on the top. Allowing the cake to rest 24 hours before serving will produce best results.
Note: Many gluten-free mixes contain high percentages of starches and additives that can make the cake gummy.  Therefore, I have chosen the flours to ensure a dense cake without being gritty or gummy.

Submitter: 
Buckwheat Queen
Description: 
A dense cake filled with dried nuts and fruits and  spiked with spiced rum that just happens to be gluten free. It will change your mind on fruitcakes. No regifting here!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
35
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
