URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64711842/fig-newton-ish-cookies/
Title:
Fig Newton-ish Cookies Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/5612166.jpg
Ingredients:
Cookie Dough:
3/4 cup whole wheat flour
1/2 cup finely ground walnuts
3/4 tsp baking soda
1/4 tsp salt
1/4 tsp ground cinnamon
1/8 tsp  ground nutmeg
1/4 cup unsalted butter, softened
3 tbsps brown sugar
2 tbsps honey
1 large egg
1/4 tsp orange zest
1 tsp vanilla extract
Fig Filling:
1 cup dried figs
4 tbsps honey, or to taste
1/4 tsp ground nutmeg
1 tsp vanilla extract
1/2 tsp orange zest
Juice from 1 orange
1/2 cup water
pinch of salt

Directions:
1. Prepare the dough: In a medium bowl, combine whole wheat flour, ground walnuts, baking soda, salt, cinnamon, and nutmeg.
2. In a large bowl, beat together butter, brown sugar, and honey until light and fluffy. Add in egg, orange zest, and vanilla and beat until thoroughly combined.
3. In three additions, mix in the dry ingredients until just combined. Batter will be very soft and sticky. Place dough onto plastic wrap, pat into a disc, and refrigerate for at least 4 hours or overnight.
4. Prepare the filling: Place dried figs, honey, nutmeg, vanilla, orange zest, orange juice, and water into a medium saucepan. Over medium heat, bring mixture to a simmer, stirring occasionally. Cook until figs are softened and fall apart easily when pressed with a spoon, about 15 minutes.  Remove figs from heat, and cool for 10 minutes. Place mixture into a blender or food processor and puree until smooth. Place fig puree into a glass container and allow to cool completely. (Mixture should be a spreadable consistency). Refrigerate mixture until ready to use.
5. Assemble cookies: Preheat oven to 350 degrees (F). Place a piece of parchment paper on a work surface and generously flour the paper and a rolling pin. Roll out chilled cookie dough, on the parchment paper, into a rectangle about 10"x 14", or until dough is about 1/4 inch thick. Continue to flour the parchment and rolling pin as necessary. Divide dough into four strips about 3 1/2" wide by 10" long.  Equally divide the fig filling amongst the strips, and spread it lengthwise down the center of each piece, leaving about 1/2" border of dough on each side of the filling. Gently pull one side of the dough half-way over the filling. Bring up the other side of the dough over the other half of the filling, and pinch to seal the filling inside. (If dough cracks, just gently press it back together with your fingers). This should create a cookie log about 1 inch wide and 10 inches long. Gently roll the cookie log over so it's seam-side down. Brush off any excess flour and gently press the top of the roll to flatten slightly. Repeat this process with the other three strips.
6. Brush off any excess flour from the top of, and in between, the cookie logs. Gently lift the parchment paper, with the cookies still on it, onto a cookie sheet. Place the cookie logs about 1 inch apart on the cookie sheet. Bake in the 350 degree (F) preheated oven for 20-25 minutes, or until the cookies just begin to brown and feel somewhat crispy to the touch.
7. Allow cookies to cool for 5 minutes, then slice each log into 8 pieces about 1 1/4" long and 1" wide, using a serrated knife. Allow cookies to cool completely.
8. Place cooled cookies into an air-tight container for 8 hours, or overnight, to allow cookies to soften. Keep stored in

Submitter: 
Kim
Description: 
These are a dark, not very sweet, fig filled cookie. The crust gets a toasty flavor from whole wheat flour and walnuts, while the fig filling really lets the dark flavor of the fruit come through. These are definitely better the next day; as the cookies soften and the flavors get a chance to meld together.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
24 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
32
Nutritional Facts:
NA
