URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64716687/crab-cakes-with-spicy-mayo/
Title:
Crab Cakes with Spicy Mayo Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/5787378.jpg
Ingredients:
½ cup mayonnaise
3 tbsp Sriracha
1 garlic clove, minced
1 pinch kosher Salt
1 tbsp white sugar
2 ½ lbs cooked and cleaned crab meat
18 saltine crackers
1 egg
¼ cup each diced red & green bell pepper
1 shallot, diced
½ cup mayonnaise
2 tbsp pickled jalapeños, finely chopped
2 garlic cloves, minced
2 tbsp Old Bay seasoning
¼ cup fresh cilantro, finely chopped
2 tbsp olive oil
1 pinch salt, to taste
1 cup unseasoned breadcrumbs
Diced tomato and thinly sliced green onion (optional garnish)

Directions:
TIP: Make ahead of time. The sauce needs to rest for at least 30 minutes so the flavors can blend together.
Mince the garlic (or run through a garlic press) and set aside.
Combine the mayonnaise, sriracha, garlic, sugar, and a pinch of salt in a small bowl and whisk until smooth.
Line a large baking sheet with foil and set aside.
Clean the cooked crab and pick out the meat.
Place the crab meat in a large bowl.
Dice the bell peppers and shallot and set aside.
Finely chop the jalapenos and cilantro and add to the crab meat.
Lightly beat the egg with a pinch of salt in a small bowl.
Add the mayonnaise, garlic, and Old Bay Seasoning to the egg and mix gently until combined.
Add the egg mixture into the crab and gently fold with a spatula until well combined. v
Heat olive oil in a small sauté pan over medium-high heat.
Add the diced peppers, shallots and a pinch of salt. Sauté briefly until the shallots become translucent.
Allow the bell pepper-shallot mixture to cool, then fold into the crabmeat mixture.
Place the crackers in the plastic bag and seal it. (TIP: Be sure to remove all the air from the bag before sealing.)
Run the rolling pin over the bag until the crackers are finely crushed.
Add the crushed crackers to the crab meat and mix gently until combined.
Dump the breadcrumbs into a shallow dish or pie pan.
Grab the foil-lined baking sheet.
Scoop up one scoop of the crabmeat mixture with your ice cream scoop.
Place the scoop of crab meat in your hand and flatten gently.
Gently place the crab cake into the breadcrumbs and cover all sides, pressing lightly to adhere the cracker crumbs. Place the crab cake on the foil-lined sheet.
Repeat the scooping-flattening-breadcrumbing process until you've used up all of the crabmeat mixture.
Transfer the crab cakes to the refrigerator for at least 1 hour.
Preheat the oven to 400°F.
Heat the olive oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Once the oil is hot, add the crab cakes.
Brown the crab cakes on both sides. (Use care when turning the cakes to prevent breaking.)
Transfer the skillet to the oven and bake for about 15 minutes, checking periodically.
Place a dollop of spicy mayo onto the side of each plate and swipe it across using the back of a spoon.
Plate the crab cakes on the sauce.
Garnish with diced tomato and sliced green onion, if you wish.
Serve as is or with your favorite sides.
Enjoy!

Submitter: 
Dads That Cook
Description: 
null
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 hr 15 mins
Ready in:
1 hr 30 mins
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
