URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64718761/candy-apples/
Title:
Candy Apples Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/6903839.jpg
Ingredients:
Carmel Sauce:
1 cup sugar
1/3 cup water
2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice
1 cup heavy cream
2 teaspoons vanilla extract
Pinch of sea salt
Chocolate Sauce:
8 ounces bittersweet chocolate, chopped
3/4 cup refined coconut oil*
6 tablespoons light or dark corn syrup

Directions:
Step One: Prep Your Apples
Before any dipping or decorating begins, you want to make sure your apples are in the perfect condition for taking on the hot caramel. Insert popsicle sticks—which can be purchased in grocery or craft stores, and online—straight down through the top of the apple where the stem grows. Place your apples in the refrigerator, and allow them to cool for an hour, as the caramel will harden more quickly on chilled fruit.
Step Two: Make Your Caramel
While making a perfect caramel sauce can seem like a daunting task—after all, caramel is a notoriously fussy recipe that requires constant attention—with the right ingredients and a little patience, anyone can make a great caramel.
If possible, use a stainless steel, flat-bottomed saucepan that has been well cleaned. Over medium heat, add the ingredients of a simple caramel sauce, which will have a sugary base ranging from white sugar, to brown, to a mixture. Bring the ingredients to a boil and allow it to cook for around 3 minutes, until the liquid is clear and the sugar has dissolved. Try your best to stir the sauce as little as possible, with the exception of scraping the mixture away from the sides to prevent burning.
Then, grab a candy thermometer and continue boiling for about 4 minutes, checking the temperature every 10-15 seconds until the mixture has turned a deep amber color and the temperature has reached about 350 degrees. Then, slowly mix in some heavy cream and vanilla, whisking the mixture constantly over low heat for about a minute before removing it from the heat completely.
For an easier—and less risky—option, you can start with a base of pre-made caramel candies, melted in a saucepan with heavy cream until smooth. Or, if you’re running extra low on time there is always this quicker microwave-friendly caramel apple recipe that will do the trick … we won’t tell if you don’t.
Step Three: Dipping Time
Once you’ve perfected your caramel mixture, add your sauce to a shallow bowl, making sure to not allow the candy to chill too much before you begin dipping. While holding the stick, dip each apple individually into the caramel, twirling the fruit in a circle until it’s completely coated. Allow any excess to drip back into the bowl before placing the apple stick-up on a wax paper or parchment paper-covered baking sheet.
Step Four: Get Creative
After your apples have been dipped, get creative with the coatings, setting out bowls of candy, nuts, and other sweet and salty additions, so that each person can customize their apple with the toppings of their choice. Some of our favorites include crushed peanuts, mini M&Ms, candy corn, and toffee crumbles.
For some extra pizazz, create a hardening chocolate shell sauce and drizzle it over your apples for an added layer of

Submitter: 
Jill Sander
Description: 
null
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15
Ready in:
1 hr
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
