URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64716708/pork-adobo/
Title:
Pork Adobo Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/5770517.jpg
Ingredients:
For the marinade.
300-500g of Pork, either all belly pork or a mix of belly pork and other pork cuts such as loin, shoulder.
1Tbsp cooking oil such as groundnut oil.
1 Tbsp of dark soy sauce.
1 Tbsp apple cider vinegar.
3-5 bay leaves.
12 whole black peppercorns.
1-2 chopped red chillies
4-5 Garlic bulbs, diced.
Thumb sized piece of ginger chopped.
Half an apple, diced. Pink Lady, Jazz, or Pacific Rose is ideal.
2 Teaspoons  of brown sugar.
A few whole cumin seeds.
A pinch of salt.
Additional vegetables
1 medium red onion roughly chopped
100g Shiitake mushrooms roughly chopped
1-2 green or red bell peppers diced.
For the sauce
250ml of sparkling lemonade, a popular brand works well.
2 teaspoons of corn starch
2 Tablespoons of unsalted butter
1 chicken stock cube.
Serve with rice.

Directions:
Chop the belly pork, and other pork if you're using, into 1-2 inch chunks.
In a large bowl add the oil, then add the chopped pork.
Add the chopped chillies, garlic, and ginger, the whole peppercorns, brown sugar, cumin seeds, and bay leaves.
Add the slug of apple cider vinegar and diced apple.
Add the dark soy sauce.
Stir the mixture to coat the pork and mix the flavours. Place in a refrigerator and occasionally stir.
In a good-sized deep pan that has a lid, add a touch of oil and a little salt and ground pepper with half of the butter.
Add the chopped onion, bell pepper, and shiitake mushrooms and gently fry to soften.
Add the marinaded pork mix to the pan. Allow the pork to cook a little on a medium heat.
Add the sparkling lemonade, stock cube and corn starch and stir together. The liquid should cover the pork and vegetables.
Cook on a medium to gentle heat, a gentle bubble. Use the lid to allow the flavours to marry together.
Over the course of an hour or so allow the liquid to reduce.
Cook rice in a rice cooker.
Ten minutes are so before the dish is ready add the rest of the butter.

Submitter: 
Dave B
Description: 
My version of the traditional  Filipino dish. This can be prepped well before time leaving the pork to marinade for at least a couple of hours, longer is better. Adobo is the name for the marinade, chicken can also be used instead of pork. Key elements is the use of dark soy sauce, not light, sparkling lemonade, and half an apple. The choice of vegetables to add to the dish is optional, onion, bell pepper, broccoli, shiitake mushrooms work well. When creating the marinade you can add more oil, dark soy, or apple cider vinegar to get a nice balance, the pork wants to be very moist but not splas
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
NA
