URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64710159/instant-pot-flourless-chocolate-cake/
Title:
Instant Pot Flourless Chocolate Cake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
225 to 240g dark chocolate (as dark as you like - 70% works well)
1/2 cup (1 stick) butter
1/2 tsp instant coffee powder
1 tsp real vanilla extract
4 extra large eggs
1/3 cup white sugar

Directions:
Line the bottom of a 7-inch springform pan (or an 8-inch if it fits your Instant Pot) with parchment and butter the entire interior of the pan (including the parchment).  You can also use a coconut oil-based cooking spray.Melt chocolate and butter together, and stir until fully combined.  Stir in instant coffee and vanilla.  Allow to cool slightly (mixture should still be liquid)
Whip eggs and sugar in a stand mixer on high speed for approximately 3-5 minutes until the mixture more than doubles in volume.
Fold chocolate into egg mixture, starting with a little at a time.  Fold until fully combined.  Pour into prepared pan.
Cover pan with foil so that water can't get in.  Also, create a foil "sling" that is long enough to go under the pan and back up, giving it a handle for you to easily get it out.
Place steamer rack into Instant Pot, and add 1 cup of water.  Also, place the foil sling in the instant pot in a manner that will make it easy to help take the pan out.
Place pan into the instant pot, making sure it's below the 2/3 max line (this should be possible assuming you're using a 6qt and the mentioned pan) and making sure you have one end of the foil sling on each side of the pan.
Place lid on Instant Pot and set it for manual high pressure (or "Pressure Cook") for 30 minutes, without the "keep warm" feature.  Press start.
When time is up, set timer for 10 minutes.  After 10 minutes, vent remaining pressure.  Once depressurized, carefully remove using the sling.
Trying not to get water into the cake pan, remove the foil and allow to cool for 30 minutes.  Then, remove the sides of the cake pan, and place in the refrigerator for at least 6 hours (or overnight)
Allow to sit for about 15 minutes at room temperature before serving.  Serve it on its own, or with vanilla ice cream.

Submitter: 
Liam Walshe
Description: 
A decadent dessert made with just a few simple ingredients and cooked in the Instant Pot.  This is great where a gluten-free dessert is desired or necessary.  I use the Bottoming Chiffon Cake Pan from Miniso for making this cake as it fits perfectly into my 6qt Instant Pot Ultra.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
65
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
