URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64716442/grilled-artichokes-with-garlic-butter/
Title:
Grilled Artichokes with Garlic Butter Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/5787967.jpg
Ingredients:
2 jumbo artichokes
6 garlic cloves, finely chopped
½ cup (1 stick) butter
1 pinch salt
1 pinch pepper
1 pinch Italian seasoning
1 lemon

Directions:
Preheat the grill to 375°F.
Tear off 4 sheets of foil about 18" long.
Using your scissors, carefully cut the pointy tip off each leaf. (TIP: Watch the video for this technique.)
Place the artichoke on a cutting board and cut the very top of it off.
Then cut off the stem.
While holding the artichoke, carefully cut the artichoke in half lengthwise.
Remove the choke (fuzzy stuff in the center) using the tip of your knife.
Carefully remove the purple inner leaves with your fingers and discard them.
Be sure to remove any lingering little fuzzy hairs. (Use your knife to remove these.)
Repeat the process with the remaining artichoke halves.
Rinse the artichoke halves under cool water, making sure to get in and all around the leaves.
Turn over and drain out the water.
Set the halves aside.
Peel and finely chop the garlic and place in the measuring cup.
Cut the butter into chunks and add to the measuring cup.
Microwave the mixture for about 1 minute, or until melted.
Stir with a fork to combine.
Place each artichoke half on the center of a piece of foil.
Drizzle about 1/4 of the garlic butter in the center and over the leaves of the artichoke half.
Season with salt, pepper, and Italian seasoning to taste.
Wrap the foil around the artichoke.
Repeat the process with the remaining halves.
Place the foil packets on the top shelf of the preheated grill.
Cook for 45-60 minutes, depending on the size of the artichokes.
When done, carefully remove the packets from the grill.
Squeeze a bit of fresh lemon juice over each artichoke half.
Enjoy as an appetizer or alongside your favorite main dish!

Submitter: 
Dads That Cook
Description: 
null
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 mins
Ready in:
1 hr 15 mins
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
