URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64716688/fried-red-snapper/
Title:
Fried Red Snapper Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/5769626.jpg
Ingredients:
4 Pacific red snapper fillets
4 sprigs fresh thyme
2 garlic cloves, minced
1 tbsp kosher salt
1 tsp black pepper
1 cup flour
½ cup cornmeal
1 ½ tsp curry powder
1 ½ tsp paprika
Peanut oil (for frying)
Lemon wedges, for serving (optional)

Directions:
Peel and mince the garlic. (TIP: Watch the video for the technique.)
Strip the thyme leaves from the sprigs and mince.
Set aside the minced garlic and thyme.
Lightly season both sides of the fish with salt and pepper.
Mix the flour and cornmeal together. (TIP: Adjust the amounts if necessary, but keep a 2:1 ratio of flour to cornmeal.)
Add the curry powder, paprika, minced garlic, and thyme to the flour mixture.
Mix until well combined, then transfer the mixture to a pie plate or other shallow dish for dredging.
Add enough peanut oil to a large skillet to shallow fry the fish (not deep fry), about 1/4".
Heat the oil on high heat until hot.
Dredge 1 fillet (lightly coating both sides), then carefully place in the hot oil. (Be careful of spatter.)
Repeat the process with the other fillets. (TIP: Keep some space between fillets for consistent cooking.)
Fry for about 3-4 minutes per side, depending on the thickness and number of fillets in the pan. (TIP: If the fillet moves easily, it is time to flip.)
Place the fillets on a cooling rack to drain any excess oil and cool a bit before serving. (TIP: For easy clean-up, place the cooling rack over a baking sheet lined with paper towels.)
Plate and garnish with lemon wedges, if desired.
Serve with your favorite veggies or sides.
Enjoy!

Submitter: 
Dads That Cook
Description: 
Crisp, delicious snapper in a snap! This super simple recipe results in tender, flaky fish that the whole family will love.
#DadsThatCook
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 mins
Ready in:
20 mins
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
