URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64717317/halloween-macarons/
Title:
Halloween Macarons Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/5792180.jpg
Ingredients:
•	65g (scant 2/3c) fine ground almond flour
•	65g (scant 2/3c) powdered sugar
•	1 tbsp powdered orange food coloring
•	2 egg whites from medium eggs, at room temperature
•	Pinch of cream of tartar powder
•	45g (1/4 c) superfine granulated white sugar
•	150g mascarpone, at room temperature
•	2 tbsp caramel sauce
•	1 tbsp powdered sugar
•	1 tsp powdered black food coloring

Directions:
1.	Prepare two baking trays with silicone mats or parchment paper.
2.	Sift together the almond flour and the powdered sugar into a bowl. Sift again, adding the powdered food coloring. Whisk well. Set aside.
3.	In a stand mixer, taking care that the bowl and whisk attachment are both clean and free of any contaminants such as dust or oil residue, begin to whisk the egg whites at medium (6 on a Kitchen Aid) speed. Once the egg whites begin to foam, add the cream of tartar. Continue whisking until the egg whites begin to have a creamy appearance. When the whisk begins to leave traces in the egg whites, increase the speed to medium-high speed (8 on a Kitchen Aid). Add half of the superfine sugar while the whisk is in motion. Wait until it is fully incorporated, and add the other half. Whip the egg whites until stiff peaks form. This means that when you lift the whisk the peaks no longer fold over, they stay stiff.
4.	Using a rubber scraper, delicately fold in one third of the almond flour mixture. Once that is incorporated, fold in the remaining flour mixture. This process is essential to the outcome of the cookie. Stirring the mixture will result in a runny batter and the cookies won’t rise. Fold the batter only enough to fully incorporate the flour then stop.
5.	Pour the batter into a piping bag or zip top baggie with a small hole cut in the corner. Pipe small circles on the lined baking sheets. Allow approximately two inches between each macaron. Pipe the round cookies on each baking tray. Lightly rap the baking sheets to release any air bubbles from the batter. The batter will spread slightly. This is normal.
6.	Allow to sit at room temperature for at least thirty minutes. During this time, you will notice that the tops will become opaque, no longer glossy. The tops will film over. If you lightly touch the tops, the batter will not remain on your finger, but the batter will give and bounce back.
7.	Preheat the oven to 160°C. Once the oven has reached temperature, bake one sheet of cookies until the cookies rise and the bottoms of the cookies begin to get a crinkly base. This will occur between 12-15 minutes. Once the feet of the cookie are firm, remove the baking sheet and let the cookies to cool. Allow the oven to reach temperature before baking the next batch.
8.	While the macarons are baking, whip the mascarpone, caramel sauce, 1tbsp powdered sugar, and powdered food coloring together until fluffy. Keep in the refrigerator until needed.
9.	Once the macarons have cooled completely, pipe the mascarpone filling onto one cookie and top it with another. Use the leftover filling to decorate the tops of the macarons, if desired. Let them rest before enjoying.
Notes/Footnotes: you can mix up the colors by making black macarons and orange filling

Submitter: 
Buckwheat Queen
Description: 
Macarons colored for Halloween with a mascarpone caramel filling. After much trial and error, I was able to perfect a macaron recipe that worked for me. I am a reluctant baker but this seems to work even for a scatterbrain like me. It is very important that certain guidelines are followed to ensure a proper cookie. These are worth every effort. I recommend weighing the ingredients instead of using volume measurements.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
NA
