URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64710653/smoky-zucchini-enchiladas/
Title:
Smoky Zucchini Enchiladas Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/5580097.jpg
Ingredients:
2 pounds cooked chicken breasts or thighs, shredded
1 tablespoon olive oil
1 large onion, chopped
kosher salt
2 cloves garlic, minced
2 tsp. ground cumin
1 tablespoon smoked ancho chili powder
1 teaspoon sea salt
1 ½ cups red enchilada sauce, divided
4 green onions, sliced, green and white parts separated
¼ cup fresh cilantro, plus additional for garnish
4 large zucchini, halved and thinly sliced lengthwise*
2 cups shredded sharp cheddar cheese
½ to 1 cup queso fresco
Sour cream for garnish, optional

Directions:
Preheat oven to 375º.
In a large skillet over medium heat, saute onion in olive oil.
Season with salt and pepper and add garlic, cumin, chili powder and salt and stir until combined.
Add shredded chicken and 1 cup enchilada sauce, stir to combine, and remove from heat.
Let cool slightly while slicing zucchini, then stir in white parts of green onions, ¼ cup chopped cilantro, and 1 cup shredded cheddar.
Pour ¼ cup enchilada sauce into bottom of a 9x11 glass baking dish.
On a cutting board, slightly overlap three slices of zucchini and top with a small mound of chicken mixture; roll and place in prepared baking dish; repeat with remaining zucchini and chicken mixture.
Spoon remaining ¼ cup enchilada sauce over zucchini enchiladas and sprinkle with both remaining cheeses.
Bake at 375 degrees for 30 minutes.
Garnish if desired with sour cream, green parts of green onion, and cilantro and serve.
*To more easily slice zucchini, use a mandoline or cut in half lengthwise, lay cut side down on a cutting board, and use a Y-shaped peeler to create long slices.

Submitter: 
Angela Sackett  Superhotmama
Description: 
Traditional enchiladas have a smoky depth of flavor and a lighter hit to the waistline with zucchini wraps to replace tortillas.  We actually like these better than traditional recipes; the edges crisp up nicely and the filling is so rich.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
