URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64716026/halloumi-parmigiana/
Title:
Halloumi Parmigiana Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/5747507.jpg
Ingredients:
1 small eggplant, cut into half-inch rounds
1 tbsp salt
150 grams halloumi, cut into 4 sticks
1 cup bread crumbs
2 tsp dried oregano
1/2 tsp black pepper
1/4 tsp ground cayenne
1 large egg
Oil for frying (approximately 1 cup)
1.25 cups tomato spaghetti sauce
240g spaghetti
1 tbsp evoo
8 tbsp fine grated Parmigiano Reggiano

Directions:
1.	Put the eggplant rounds in a large pot. Cover with salt and add enough water to cover. Put a plate on top of the rounds to keep them submerged in the salted water. Allow to sit for 10 minutes.
2.	Meanwhile, add the egg to a shallow dish and whisk. In a separate shallow dish, add the bread crumbs, oregano, black pepper, and cayenne and mix.
3.	Heat the oil for frying.
4.	Heat a pot of fresh, salted water for the spaghetti.
5.	Drain the eggplant, discarding the water. Rinse the eggplant and squeeze out as much water as possible and pat dry with paper towels.
6.	Dredge the eggplant in the egg, then dredge in the bread crumb mixture coating well. Fry in the hot oil until brown, flip and fry on the other side. Allow to drain on a clean paper towel. Do the same with the halloumi sticks. Set aside.
7.	Heat the spaghetti sauce.
8.	Cook the spaghetti according to package directions. When al dente, drain and toss with oil.
9.	Divide the cooked spaghetti onto four plates. Evenly distribute slices of eggplant and one slice of halloumi on each plate. Top with equal amounts of spaghetti sauce and grated Parmigiano Reggiano.

Submitter: 
Buckwheat Queen
Description: 
Breaded and fried halloumi adds a new dimension to an Italian favorite. It’s a multitasking recipe, but produces a complete meal. It’s definitely worth the effort.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
