URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64710856/salsa-verde-pork-and-rice-pressure-cooker/
Title:
Salsa Verde Pork and Rice (Pressure Cooker) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/5585523.jpg
Ingredients:
6 (3 cup) storage containers
For the pork:
2 pounds pork butt or shoulder
1 tsp oregano
1 tsp cumin
1/2 tsp ground coriander
1/2 tsp salt
1/4 pepper
2 tbsp olive oil
1 (16 oz) jar salsa verde, such as Herdez®
For the rice:
1 1/2 cups whole grain brown rice
1 tsp olive oil
1 3/4 cups + 1 tbsp water
1/2 tsp salt
1/4 cup chopped cilantro
1 tbsp lime juice

Directions:
Trim the pork of extra fat and cut into 1" cubes. Place the pork into a medium-sized bowl. Add the oregano, cumin, coriander, 1/2 tsp salt and pepper and toss to coat meat evenly. Set aside.
Using a fine mesh strainer, rinse the rice with cold water and drain.
Add 1 tsp of oil to an oven safe bowl that will fit into your pressure cooker, approximately 1.7 quarts in size. Place rice and 1/2 tsp salt into bowl. Add water and set aside.
Heat 2 tablespoons of oil in a 6-quart pressure cooker using the saute mode set to high.  Add the pork in batches and cook until lightly browned, approximately 5-6 mins.  Turn pressure cooker off.
Add the salsa verde to the pot and stir to combine evenly.
Place a tall trivet into the pressure cooker for the rice to sit over top of the meat.  Place the bowl of uncooked rice on the trivet. Lock the lid onto the pressure cooker and set the valve to "seal".
Cook on manual setting at high pressure for 24 minutes. When timer is up, let the pressure come down naturally, about 5 minutes, then release the rest of the pressure manually.  Unlock and remove the lid.
Using oven mitts, remove the bowl of rice. Let cool slightly and stir in cilantro and lime juice.
Set the pressure cooker to saute on medium heat for 8-10 minutes to thicken the pork and sauce, if desired.
Divide the rice between 6 storage containers. Spoon the pork and sauce over top of the rice in each of the 6 containers. Refrigerate until ready to eat.
Cook's notes:
To make lifting out the bowl of rice easier, create a sling using foil. Cut a length of foil at least 12" long and fold in half lengthwise, then in half again. Set the sling into the pressure cooker and place the bowl of rice on top.  When the rice is cooked, you'll be able to use the foil handles to lift the bowl out.
To cut down on prep time, I often use boneless country style ribs.

Submitter: 
France C
Description: 
Make weekly meal prep a breeze with this pressure cooker pork and rice. This recipe uses the Pot-in-Pot (PIP) method which cooks the pork and rice in separate bowls at the same time.  The pork turns out so tender! I like to freeze individual servings and take one out the night before. Top with queso fresco or sour cream when ready to serve.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
