URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64716998/garlic-ipa-mashed-potatoes/
Title:
Garlic IPA Mashed Potatoes Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/5782829.jpg
Ingredients:
2 lbs Yukon Gold potatoes (peeled and cubed for faster boiling)
Cold water
Sea salt (table salt is okay too)
2 heads garlic
2 tbsp olive oil
2 thyme sprigs
Sea salt & pepper, to taste
½ cup unsalted butter (1 stick)
1 cup heavy cream
½ cup IPA beer of your choice

Directions:
Preheat an oven to 450°F.
For each garlic head, remove as much of the papery outside skin as you can. (TIP: Use your hands to gently rub off the loose skin.)
With a sharp knife, slice the top of whole garlic head off, exposing the tops of the garlic cloves.
Place each head in the center of a piece of foil.
Drizzle 1 tbsp. of olive oil over each head, then top with a sprig of thyme and season with a touch of salt and pepper.
Remove from the oven, open each pouch and let cool for 5 minutes.
Use a paper towel folded over a few times to act like a small potholder and squeeze the cloves out onto a cutting board.
Mash the garlic with a fork until smooth. (TIP: Watch the video for this technique.)
Add the potatoes to a large pot of cold, salted water.
Boil over high heat until the potatoes are fork tender.
Drain the potatoes and return to the pot. Mash with a potato masher until smooth. (You can also use an immersion blender.)
Add the butter, heavy cream and 2 sprigs of thyme to a small saucepan and heat over medium heat.
Bring the mixture to a boil, then reduce heat to low and simmer for 10 minutes.
Remove the thyme sprigs, add the garlic paste, and simmer for another 3 minutes. (TIP: Use a whisk to stir and break up the garlic. )
Season with salt and pepper to taste.
Stir in the IPA.
Add about 1 cup of the garlic-IPA cream to the mashed potatoes and mix well.
Taste and adjust the flavoring if needed (add more garlic cream, salt or pepper).
Dig in and enjoy!

Submitter: 
Dads That Cook
Description: 
Beer in mashed potatoes? Yes, please! This crowd-pleasing recipe for garlic-IPA mashed potatoes is a unique twist on an old favorite that'll make the whole family hoppy!
#DadsThatCook
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
50 mins
Ready in:
1 hr 50 mins
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
