URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64716461/gluten-free-angel-food-cake-with-zesty-orange-glaze/
Title:
Gluten-Free Angel Food Cake with Zesty Orange Glaze Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/5762700.jpg
Ingredients:
¾ cup Cup4Cup gluten-free flour
¾ cup Baker's Special Sugar** or superfine sugar
¼ cup cornstarch
1 ½ cups egg whites (10 to 11 large eggs, separated, yolks discarded or reserved for another use)
¼ tsp salt
1 ½ tsp cream of tartar
2 tsp vanilla extract
¼ tsp almond extract or Fiori di Sicilia, optional
¾ cup + 2 tablespoons Baker's Special Sugar** or superfine sugar
1 ½ cups powdered sugar
1 orange, zested and juiced

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 350°F and place the oven rack in its lowest position.
Whisk together and then sift the flour, cornstarch, and 3/4 cup sugar. Set aside.
In a large, clean (grease-free) mixing bowl, beat together the egg whites, salt, and cream of tartar until foamy.
Add the flavorings. Gradually increase the speed of the mixer and continue beating until the egg whites have increased in volume and thickened.
Gradually beat in the 3/4 cup + 2 tablespoons sugar, a bit at a time, until the meringue holds soft peaks.
Gently fold in the sifted flour/sugar blend ¼ cup at a time, just until incorporated.
Spoon the batter into an ungreased 10" round angel food pan. Gently tap the pan on the counter to settle the batter and remove any large air bubbles.
Bake the cake until it's a deep golden brown, and the top springs back when pressed lightly, about 45 minutes.
Remove the cake from the oven and invert the pan onto the neck of a heatproof bottle or funnel, to suspend the cake upside down as it sets and cools, about 2 hours.
Remove the cake from the pan by running a thin spatula or knife around the edges of the pan, and turning the cake out onto a plate.
In a large bowl, combine 1 1/2 cups powdered sugar and the zest and juice from 1 whole navel orange. Whisk together until it is a thick syrup. Pour over the cooled cake and let it set up for about 15 minutes.
Cut the cake into slices and serve!

Submitter: 
Dads That Cook
Description: 
A light and fluffy cake topped with a zesty orange glaze. This dessert is truly heavenly!
#DadsThatCook
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
25 mins
Ready in:
1 hr 10 mins
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
