URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64719524/cottage-dill-bread/
Title:
Cottage Dill Bread Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/5948938.jpg
Ingredients:
1 T or 1 Package dry yeast
1/4 Cup Warm Water
3/4 Cup Honey
2 Cups Cottage Cheese
1 1/2 Large Onions, Minced
3 T Melted Butter
3 T Dried Dill Weed
2 t Salt
1 Egg
1 Cup Whole Wheat Flour
4 Cups Unbleached White Flour
*Sometimes I grate a carrot and add to dough increasing flour slightly

Directions:
Oil a 2 quart casserole dish.
Proof the yeast in lukewarm water mixed with 2 of the Tablespoons honey.
Heat the cottage cheese to lukewarm.
Mix together the cottage cheese, remaining honey, onions, butter, dill, salt, and egg.
Stir in the proofed yeast mixture.
Stir in the whole wheat flour.
Gradually add white flour until the dough is stiff enough to kneed.
Kneed for a few minutes on a floured surface.
The dough will be very sticky, add a little more flour until when dough is a smooth ball depression of thumb print bounce's back.
Place dough in a well oiled bowl, turn to coat all sides with oil and cover with a damp cloth.
Let the dough rise 1 hour, punch down and shape into a round ball.
Let dough rise another hour.
Pre heat oven with dutch oven inside to 400 degrees F.
After second rising and dutch oven reaching 400 degrees F while preheating oven, remove dutch oven and pour shaped dough ball inside.
Place lid on dutch oven and put back inside oven.
Bake in a preheated oven at 400 degrees F for about 45 minutes.
Remove lid and continue baking for 10-15 minutes.
Brush the top lightly with melted butter just after removing it from oven.
Great with tomato soup and salad.

Submitter: 
Shanda
Description: 
Cottage Dill Bread, is my favorite of all breads! Moist and delicious I could live on just this bread and its deliciousness!  Best fresh out of oven or toasted after cooling with butter.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
2 h and 10 m
Ready in:
3 h
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
