URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64716798/peer---hazelnut-pear-torte-with-dulce-de-leche-filling/
Title:
Peer - Hazelnut-Pear Torte with Dulce de Leche Filling Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 1/2 cups hazelnuts (filberts), toasted
3 tablespoons all-purpose flour
4 teaspoons baking powder
1 teaspoon ground cinnamon
6 eggs
1 cup granulated sugar
1 3 ounce package cream cheese, softened
1/4 cup butter, softened
1/2 cup canned dulce de leche
2 - 3 tablespoons milk
4 1/2 cups powdered sugar
2 tablespoons butter
3 ripe pears, peeled, cored, and thinly sliced
Chopped toasted hazelnuts (filberts) (optional)

Directions:
1.Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.
Grease two 8x1-1/2-inch round baking pans.
Line pan bottoms with waxed paper or parchment paper; grease the paper.
Lightly flour pans; set aside.
Place half of the 2-1/2 cups hazelnuts in a blender or food processor.
Cover; blend or process until nuts are ground.
Repeat with the remaining nuts.
In a medium bowl combine ground hazelnuts, the 3 tablespoons flour, the baking powder, and cinnamon; set aside.
In a large bowl combine eggs and granulated sugar.
Beat with an electric mixer on medium to high speed until smooth.
Add nut mixture.
Beat until combined, scraping sides of bowl occasionally.
Spread evenly in prepared pans.
Bake for 20 to 25 minutes or until lightly browned and tops spring back when lightly touched (centers may dip slightly).
Cool in pans on wire racks for 10 minutes.
Remove from pans; peel off waxed or parchment paper, if necessary.
Cool completely on wire racks.
For dulce de leche filling
In a large bowl combine cream cheese and the 1/4 cup butter.
Beat with an electric mixer on medium to high speed until combined.
Add dulce de leche, beating until smooth.
Beat in 2 tablespoons of the milk.
Add 2 cups of the powdered sugar, beating until combined.
Beat in the remaining 2-1/2 cups powdered sugar and enough of the remaining 1 tablespoon milk to make a spreading consistency.
In a very large skillet melt the 2 tablespoons butter over medium heat.
Add pears; cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until browned and tender, gently stirring occasionally.
Set aside to cool.
To assemble, use a long serrated knife to cut cakes in half horizontally (making four cake layers).
Place one cake layer, cut side up, on a serving platter.
Spread 1/2 cup of the dulce de leche filling over cake layer.
Top with one-fourth of the pears, arranging pears in a single layer.
Repeat layers twice.
Add the remaining cake layer, cut side down.
Frost with the remaining dulce de leche filling; arrange the remaining pears on top.
If desired, sprinkle with chopped toasted hazelnuts.
Chill for up to 1 hour before serving.

Submitter: 
Jill Sander
Description: 
Ground hazelnuts replace most of the flour in this spectacular pear cake.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
