URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64716495/coconut-cream-pie/
Title:
Coconut Cream Pie Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/5764240.jpg
Ingredients:
5 egg yolks
1 tbsp sugar
3 tbsp cornstarch
1 tsp vanilla extract
¾ cup sugar
1 tbsp butter
½ cup unsweetened, shredded coconut
1 ½ cups full-fat coconut milk
1 ½ cups 1 1/2 cups whole milk
1 ½ cups finely ground animal crackers
3 tbsp sugar
2 tbsp unsweetened, shredded coconut
6 tbsp melted butter
1 ½ cups heavy whipping cream
½ cup powdered sugar
1 tsp vanilla extract
1 cup unsweetened, shredded coconut (for topping)

Directions:
To prepare the crust, combine the ground animal crackers, sugar, and coconut in a bowl.
Stir in the melted butter and mix until well combined.
Press into an 8 or 9-inch pie pan and bake at 375°F for 5-7 minutes, until lightly browned.
Remove from the oven and let cool.
Combine the coconut milk and whole milk in a saucepan over medium heat.
Add the coconut and sugar and whisk until the sugar dissolves.
In a medium bowl, whisk the egg yolks and 1 tbsp sugar together until smooth.
Add the cornstarch to the egg yolks and mix well.
Remove the saucepan from heat and slowly mix a bit of the hot milk mixture into the egg yolks.
Whisk in another small ladle of the hot milk mixture then pour the egg yolk mixture into the saucepan and return to heat.
Continue whisking until the mixture has thickened and easily pulls away from the sides of the pan.
Remove from heat and whisk in the butter and vanilla extract.
Pour the custard into your prepared pie crust, cover with Saran wrap, and refrigerate.
To prepare the whipped cream, place the heavy cream in an ice cold metal bowl.
Whip with a hand mixer until it begins to thicken.
Add the powdered sugar and vanilla and continue whipping until stiff peaks form.
Spread the whipped cream onto the cooled custard and return the pie to the fridge.
Add 1 cup of unsweetened, shredded coconut in a dry pan over medium heat and cook until lightly toasted.
Sprinkle the toasted coconut over the pie and refrigerate until ready to serve.
Cut into slices and enjoy!

Submitter: 
Dads That Cook
Description: 
This coconut cream pie is everything you've ever wished for in a dessert. Crunchy, creamy, sweet, and dreamy, we dare you not to devour it all in one sitting!
#DadsThatCook
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 mins
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
