URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64716565/grilled-teriyaki-skirt-steak-with-chimichurri/
Title:
Grilled Teriyaki Skirt Steak with Chimichurri Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/5787431.jpg
Ingredients:
Marinade & Meat:
3 garlic cloves (finely chopped)
2 tbsp finely chopped ginger
1 tsp pepper
1 tbsp Dijon mustard
1 cup brown sugar
½ cup cup soy sauce
2 lbs skirt steak
Chimmichurri Sauce:
2 garlic cloves (roughly chopped)
1 cup fresh parsley ("shaved" from a bunch)
¼ cup fresh cilantro ("shaved")
½ tsp salt
½ tsp ground cumin
Red pepper flakes (to taste)
? cup red wine vinegar
½ cup olive oil

Directions:
Peel and chop the garlic; place in the large bowl.
Carefully remove the skin from a piece of ginger, then finely chop it. (TIP: Be careful! Watch the video for this technique. You can also use a potato peeler to remove the skin.) Add the ginger to the large bowl.
Add the black pepper, Dijon mustard, brown sugar, and soy sauce to the bowl and whisk until well combined.
Place the skirt steak in a large zip-top bag (or deep bowl), add the marinade, and seal (or cover).
Place the meat in the refrigerator for at least 2 hours or overnight.
Peel and chop the garlic and place in a blender or food processor.
Shave the parsley off the stalks with your knife and place in the blender. (TIP: Watch the video to learn this technique.)
Shave the cilantro and place in the blender.
Add the salt, ground cumin, red pepper, vinegar, and olive oil to the blender.
Blend the ingredients until well combined and vibrant green.
Transfer the sauce to a separate bowl and allow it to come to room temperature.
Preheat the grill to 375°F.
Remove the skirt steak from the refrigerator and let rest until it reaches room temperature.
Grill the skirt steak for about 3 minutes per side, 6 minutes in total. (TIP: Keep an eye on it, it cooks fast!)
Remove the skirt steak from the grill, cover, and let rest for about 5 minutes.
Slice the meat and spoon the chimichurri sauce over the top.
Serve with your favorite vegetables and sides.
Enjoy!

Submitter: 
Dads That Cook
Description: 
null
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 mins
Ready in:
20 mins
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
