URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64716800/pull-apart-pretzel-skillet/
Title:
Pull-Apart Pretzel Skillet Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 package active dry yeast
1/2 teaspoon sugar
3/4 cup warm water (105 degrees F to 115 degrees F)
1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour
1 cup whole wheat flour or all-purpose flour
1 teaspoon salt
3 tablespoons honey
2 teaspoons vegetable oil
Nonstick cooking spray
2 cups hot water
1/4 cup baking soda
Pretzel or kosher salt
1 8 ounce package cream cheese, softened
1 cup wheat beer or lager
8 ounces mild cheddar cheese, shredded (2 cups)
8 ounces mozzarella cheese, shredded (2 cups)
1 teaspoon garlic powder
1/4 teaspoon salt

Directions:
In a small bowl dissolve yeast and sugar in 3/4 cup warm water. Let stand until foamy, about 5 minutes.
In a large bowl combine both flours and 1 teaspoon salt.
Make a well in the center and add honey, oil, and yeast mixture.
Stir with a wooden spoon until dough starts to come together.
Transfer dough to a lightly floured surface and knead until smooth, about 7 to 8 minutes.
Lightly coat a large bowl with nonstick cooking spray.
Transfer dough to prepared bowl.
Turn dough to coat. Cover and let stand until doubled in size, about 1 hour.
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.
In a medium bowl combine 2 cups hot water and baking soda.
Divide dough into 16 pieces.
Roll each piece into a ball and dip into the baking soda-water mixture.
Arrange dough balls around edge of a 12-inch cast iron skillet, leaving the center open.
Score the top of each dough ball with an "x".
Sprinkle balls with pretzel salt.
In a medium bowl beat cream cheese with an electric mixer on medium to high speed 30 seconds or until smooth.
Beat in beer until combined (it's okay if the mixture is not smooth).
Stir in cheddar cheese, mozzarella cheese, garlic powder, and 1/4 teaspoon salt.
Spoon cheese mixture into the center of the skillet.
Bake 20 minutes or until pretzels are browned and cheese is melted.
Serve immediately.

Submitter: 
Jill Sander
Description: 
Cheese dip is good. Cheese dip infused with beer is even better. And beer-cheese dip served with pretzels? Downright irresistible! This appetizer recipe will have everyone jockeying for the last dunk.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 hr 30 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
NA
