URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64710796/chickpea-on-chickpea-pasta-salad-with-herb-pesto/
Title:
Chickpea on Chickpea Pasta Salad with Herb Pesto Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/5583853.jpg
Ingredients:
180g roasted red peppers, 1tbsp liquid reserved
90g pickled Greek pepperoncini, 1 tbsp liquid reserved
180g sun-dried tomatoes in oil, 1 tbsp liquid reserved
180g marinated eggplant strips,1 tbsp liquid reserved
1 cup kalamata olives, drained
1 cup marinated goat cheese in oil, drained
2 cups chicpeas, drained and rinsed
1/2 cup red onion, diced
300g chickpea fusilli
1 tbsp evoo, or more to taste
For the dressing:
2 tsp saffron powder
1 tbsp evoo
1/8 cup fresh lemon balm
1/8 cup fresh basil leaves
1/8 cup fresh parsley
1 tbsp fresh thyme
1/8 cup pine nuts

Directions:
Cut into bite-sized pieces the red bell peppers, pepperoncini, sun-dried tomatoes, and eggplant. Add the cut vegetables to a large mixing bowl. Add the olives, goat cheese, chickpeas, and chopped onion.
In a small mixing bowl, whisk 1 tbsp evoo and the saffron powder. Add the reserved liquids from the red peppers, pepperoncini, tomatoes, and eggplant. In a mortar, grind the lemon balm, basil, parsley, and thyme until course. Add the pine nuts and grind into a chunky paste. Whisk the herb pesto with the saffron oil until combined and pour over the vegetable/cheese mix. Cover and refrigerate.
Bring a large pot of salted water to boil. Add the pasta. Stir once and allow to cook until just tender. Drain and toss with 1 tbsp evoo. Do not rinse.  Allow to cool in a single layer on a large baking sheet.
Once the pasta has cooled, add it to the refrigerated ingredients. Fold in the pasta, toss to coat and serve. The chickpea pasta is delicate. Be careful not to stir the pasta as it might fall apart.
Footnote - When retrieving the vegetables such as the olives, don’t worry if some of the liquid is still present, this will add to the overall flavor of the salad.

Submitter: 
Buckwheat Queen
Description: 
Chickpea fusilli is tossed with marinated vegetables and cheese then dressed in a fresh herb pesto to create a hearty pasta salad to serve at your next potluck. The oils and vinegars in the marinated ingredients helps create a savory dressing. This vegetarian meal can also be served in small quantities for a fun appetizer at your next get together.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
40 m
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
