URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64711247/peach-streusel-muffins/
Title:
Peach Streusel Muffins Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/5594888.jpg
Ingredients:
Streusel Topping:
? cup dark brown sugar, packed
2 tablespoons granulated sugar
1 teaspoon ground cinnamon
? teaspoon allspice
¼ cup unsalted butter, melted
? cup all-purpose flour
Peach Muffins:
1¾ cups peeled, chopped peaches (about 4 peaches)
1 teaspoon lemon juice
1¾ cups all-purpose flour
1 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon baking soda
1 teaspoon ground cinnamon
? teaspoon allspice
½ teaspoon salt
½ cup unsalted butter, room temperature
½ cup dark brown sugar, packed
¼ cup granulated sugar
2 large eggs, room temperature
½ cup plain yogurt
2 teaspoons vanilla extract
3 tablespoons milk

Directions:
Preheat oven to 425°F. Grease the cups of a 12-cup muffin tin or use paper liners.
For the Streusel Topping - Combine all the topping ingredients until mixture is crumbly and set aside.
For the Peach Muffins, combine the chopped peaches and lemon juice in a medium bowl and set side.
In another medium bowl, combine the flour, baking powder, baking soda, cinnamon, allspice and salt. Set aside.
In a large bowl, use a handheld mixer and beat the butter on high speed for 2 minutes until smooth. Add in the brown and granulated sugars and beat until creamy, another 3 minutes. Add in the eggs, yogurt, vanilla and milk and beat for another minute until combined. Using a spatula, pour the flour mixture into the butter mixture, stirring gently to just mix together. Stir in the peaches slowly.
Spoon the mixture evenly into the 12 muffins cups. Sprinkle batter with the streusel topping mixture evenly. Bake for 5 minutes at 425°F and then lower the temperature to 350°F. Bake for another 15-19 minutes or until a toothpick comes out clean when inserted into the middle. Let cool slightly and remove from muffin tins.

Submitter: 
Culinary Envy
Description: 
Peach Streusel Muffins are fresh, ripe, juicy summer peaches baked in a sweet, moist cinnamon muffin, then sprinkled with a buttery crunchy streusel topping.  Your family and friends are going to love it!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 mins
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
