URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64711187/chocolate-and-vanilla-unicorn-cake/
Title:
Chocolate and Vanilla Unicorn Cake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/5593407.jpg
Ingredients:
Chocolate Cake:
1 3/4 cup all-purpose flour
1 cup sifted dark cocoa powder (such as Hershey's Special Dark)
1 tsp baking powder
2 tsps baking soda
3/4 tsp salt
1/2 cup unsalted butter, softened
1 cup firmly packed brown sugar
1/2 cup white sugar
2 large eggs, at room temperature
1 cup strongly brewed coffee, cooled to room temperature
1 cup sour cream
2 tsps vanilla extract
Vanilla Frosting:
1 cup unsalted butter, softened
4 cups sifted powdered sugar
1/4 tsp salt
1 1/2 tsps vanilla extract
1-2 tbsps heavy cream
Decorations:
Blue and purple food coloring
Pink jimmie sprinkles
Black icing gel or melted chocolate
Birthday candles
Marshmallows
Pink sanding sugar (optional)

Directions:
Cake:
1. Preheat oven to 350 degrees (F). Lightly grease two 9-inch cake pans and line with parchment paper.
2. In a medium bowl, whisk together flour, cocoa powder, baking powder, baking soda, and salt.
3. In a large bowl, cream butter and sugars together until light and fluffy. Beat in eggs one at a time; thoroughly mixing after each addition. Mix in vanilla.
4. On low speed, mix in 1/3 of the flour mixture until just combined. Then mix in half of the coffee and half of the sour cream until just combined. Repeat mixing in flour, sour cream, and coffee alternately until everything is just combined. Do not over mix.
5. Divide batter between the cake pans and bake in preheated oven for 25-30 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted into the center of the cakes comes out with just a few moist crumbs.
6. Cool cakes in pans for 15 minutes. Run a knife around the edge of the pans before removing cakes onto cooling racks--remove parchment paper from the bottom of the cakes. Cool cakesncompletely.
Vanilla Frosting:
7. In a large bowl, cream butter until light and fluffy. Mix in powdered sugar 1 cup at a time until incorporated. Mix in salt and vanilla extract.  Add heavy cream, 1 tablespoon at a time, and beat frosting on medium speed for 3 minutes until light and fluffy (more heavy cream may be needed to reach a spreadable consistency).
8. In two separate bowls, place 1/2 cup of frosting. Add blue food coloring to one bowl, and purple food coloring to the other. Place colored frostings into a piping bag fitted with a star tip, or a freezer bag with the corner cut out of it.
To Decorate Cake:
9. Place one cooled cake layer onto a cake plate. Top with 3/4 cup of the white frosting, then place the second cake layer on top. Frost the outside and top of the cake with the white frosting.
10. With a sharp knife, cut through just the frosting on the top of the cake to divide the cake into 8 equal triangles (do not cut all the way through the cake). In each individual triangle, place two pink jimmies in the inner most point to make unicorn's nostrils. With black icing gel (or melted chocolate placed into piping bag or freezer bag with a small hole cut out) pipe the unicorn's eyes and eyelashes near the upper portion of each triangle. Using the blue and purple frosting, pipe the unicorn's "hair" at the top of each triangle. Make the unicorn's ears by cutting marshmallows into quarters. Shape them into ear shapes and dip  into pink sanding sugar (optional). Attach two ear-shaped marshmallows to the top edge portion of each triangle on the top of the cake. Pipe more "hair" around the ears, and place candles in the middle of the unicorns' forehead for the horns. Keep cake refrigerated until ready to serve.

Submitter: 
Kim
Description: 
Because sometimes you want your unicorns to taste a little bit less like rainbows, and little bit more like chocolate.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
2 hrs 30 mins
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
