URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64716418/lamb-meatballs-with-baked-feta-and-pomegranate-molasses/
Title:
Lamb Meatballs with Baked Feta and Pomegranate Molasses Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/5762153.jpg
Ingredients:
2 tbsp canola oil, plus more for later
2 cups diced white onion (1 large onion)
1 tbsp chopped garlic ( 2 cloves ) - I used already chopped Christopher Ranch Garlic
1 lb ground lamb
? cup chopped parsley
1 tsp kosher salt, plus more for taste
1 tsp freshly ground black pepper, plus more for taste
1 ½ tsp paprika
½ tsp chili powder
1 egg, mixed with fork
½ lb feta, cut into 1-inch-thick slices
1 drizzle pomegranate molasses

Directions:
Preheat a large skillet, and when it is hot, add the oil.
Add the onions and cook over high heat so the onions caramelize quickly. When the onions start to soften and brown, add the garlic and cook for another minute, until the garlic is just cooked but not at all brown.  Set aside and allow to cool before adding the mixture to the meat.
In a large bowl, using your hands, combine the lamb, parsley, salt, pepper, paprika, chili powder, egg, and the cooked onions and garlic. You can be aggressive here: you want to work it a little so the meatballs hold together.
Adjust the seasoning and shape the meat into 1/4-cup meatballs. Set aside on a large plate.  (Because there aren't any bread crumbs in the mixture, these meatballs have a tendency to fall apart in the pan, make sure to pack them tight when you shape them.)
Preheat the oven to 425°F.
In a large clean skillet (you can wipe out the one you used to fry the onions and garlic), heat another splash of canola oil until hot.
Add the meatballs (though don't crowd the pan). Cook the meatballs until brown on all sides and then remove them to a rimmed cookie sheet lined with aluminum foil.
Pop the meatballs into the oven for 3 to 5 minutes and then test one by cutting into it: if it's cooked all the way through, they're ready.
Meanwhile, in a small ovenproof pan, add another splash of the oil and lay in the feta cheese.
Bake until the cheese starts to melt a bit.
Scoop the cheese onto the serving dishes top with some of the meatballs, and drizzle with pomegranate molasses.
**These are great make-aheads; brown the outsides, set them on a rimmed cookie sheet lined with aluminum foil, and when you're ready to serve them, pop them into a 425°F oven.

Submitter: 
Dads That Cook
Description: 
Lamb meatballs, feta cheese, and pomegranate molasses join forces to make the most addictive meatballs you've ever tasted! This Greek-inspired dish is a great appetizer or main dish.
#DadsThatCook
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 mins
Ready in:
45 mins
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
