URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64710424/chickpea-maltagliati-e-fagioli/
Title:
Chickpea Maltagliati e Fagioli Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/5571362.jpg
Ingredients:
1 cup dried cranberry beans
2 tbsp olive oil
1/2 cup diced carrots
1/2 cup diced onion
1/2 cup diced red bell pepper
1 clove of garlic, minced
20 fresh green beans, cut into 1 inch pieces
10 cherry tomatoes, quartered
4 cups water
1 bouillon cube
1 bay leaf
1 sprig rosemary
2 sprigs fresh sage
1 fresh birds-eye chili pepper (optional)
100g chickpea lasagna sheets
2 cups boiling water
Salt and pepper to taste.
4 tsp extra virgin olive oil
Kitchen twine

Directions:
Soak the beans in water for 8 hours or overnight. After this time, drain and briefly rinse under cold water. Allow to drain.
Tie the bay leaf, rosemary, and sage with kitchen twine. Set aside.
Heat a pressure cooker over medium-high heat. Add oil, onion, carrot, and red bell pepper. Stir until the onion is translucent. Add garlic, green beans, hot pepper and tomatoes. Add the herb bundle. Stir everything to ensure the beans get coved in the oil and flavors. Add four cups of water and the bouillon cube. Secure the lid. Bring to pressure. Cook eight minutes from the first whistle.
After eight minutes, turn off the heat source and allow the natural pressure release.
Break the lasagna sheets into pieces. The pieces should be relatively the same size in order to cook evenly, but the shape should be uneven and each different from the other. Set aside.
Once the pressure release valve has unlocked, remove the cover. Remove the herb bundle and discard. Salt and pepper to taste. Bring the soup to a boil. Add the broken pasta pieces a few at a time, stirring constantly. The pieces will stick together if left stagnant.
Keep two cups of boiling water nearby. You may need to add it if the stew becomes too thick. Add the water little by little, only if needed. The outcome should be a thick stew, not a soup.
Stir frequently until the pasta is al dente, about 8 minutes.
Ladle into four bowls. Top each bowl with a teaspoon of evoo.
Footnotes - If you live in a hard water area, add a tsp if baking soda to the soaking beans.

Submitter: 
Buckwheat Queen
Description: 
Chickpea lasagna sheets are broken into “badly cut” pieces and cooked with cranberry beans for a twist on the traditional Italian stew.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
