URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64717107/empanadas/
Title:
Empanadas Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 Tbsp extra virgin olive oil
1/2 pound ground beef
1/2 medium yellow onion
1/4 cup tomato sauce
6 Spanish olives stuffed with minced pimientos, thinly sliced
2 Tbsp goya sofrito
1 packet sazon goya with coriander and annatto
1 tsp minced garlic
1/2 tsp dried oregano
Ground black pepper to taste
1 (14 oz) package Goya discos, thawed
1/2 cup shredded cheddar cheese
5 Tbps extra virgin olive oil

Directions:
Heat 1 Tbsp.oil in a large skillet over medium heat.
Add ground beef and cook until browned, breaking up meat with a wooden spoon, about 10 minutes.
While beef is cooking; heat another 1 Tbsp of oil in a small skillet, add onions and cook until soft, about 5 minutes.
Add onions to the ground beef skillet, than stir in tomato sauce, olives, Sofrito, Sazon, garlic, oregano and black pepper.
Lower heat to medium-low and simmer until mixture thickens, about 15 minutes.
Remove from heat and stir in shredded cheddar cheese.
On a lightly floured work surface, using a rolling pin, roll out discos until 1/2-inch larger in diameter.
Spoon about 1 tbsp. meat mixture into middle, fold in half to form a half moon;
Dip your finger in water and trace the edge of the pastry with water and fold the pastry over to seal (like a semi-circle).
Seal the edges with the tines of a fork.
Be cautious sealing with the fork that you do not pierce the pocket itself.
Repeat for all 10 pastries.
Preheat oven to 400 Degrees Fahrenheit. Place 2 jellyroll pans in the oven to warm for 10 minutes. While pans are heating, remove empanadas from the fridge and allow to reach room temperature.
Remove the pans from the oven and place 2 Tbsp. Olive Oil in each pan. Put pans back in the oven for 2 – 3 minutes to heat the oil. Remove pans from the oven and use a pastry brush to distribute oil evenly throughout the pan.
Place 5 – 6 Empanadas on each pan, spaced apart evenly for better cooking. Use the remaining 1 Tbsp. of oil to brush the tops of the dough pockets.
Bake in the oven for approximately 15 – 17 minutes, rotating halfway through the cook time to ensure they brown evenly.

Submitter: 
Mrs. Kedney'
Description: 
Spanish or Latin American pastry turnover filled with savory ingredients and baked or fried.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
1h 30 m
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
