URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64716549/sexy-air-fried-meatloaf/
Title:
Sexy Air-Fried Meatloaf Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/5765553.jpg
Ingredients:
1/2 tsp ground black pepper
2 medium spring onions, diced
1/4 cup gluten free bread crumbs
1/2 cup ketchup
2 tsp gluten free chili sauce (I used chipotle chili sauce, but Sriracha or Cholula sauce would work too)
1 tsp olive oil
1 tsp blackstrap molasses
1/2 pound ground pork
1/2 pound ground veal
1 large egg
1/4 cup fresh coriander, chopped
1/2 tsp Sriracha salt

Directions:
1.	Preheat the air fryer to 200°C
2.	In a non-stick baking dish (one that will fit inside the air fryer basket), add the ground meats. Make a well. Add the egg, fresh coriander, Sriracha salt, black pepper, onion, and bread crumbs. Mix well with your hands. Form a loaf inside the dish.*see notes on forming the loaf
3.	In a small bowl, mix together the ketchup, chili sauce, olive oil and molasses. Whisk well and set aside but do not refrigerate.
4.	Air fry the meatloaf for 25 minutes without opening the basket during this time. After 25 minutes, top the meatloaf with the ketchup mixture covering the top completely.
5.	Bake for another 7 minutes or until the internal temperature reaches 160°F.
6.	Do not open the air fryer. Turn it off and let the meatloaf rest inside for 5 minutes. Take out the meatloaf and let it rest for 5 minutes before slicing and serving.
Notes/Footnotes: *If you want the loaf browned on the sides, make a ball in the middle of the dish so that the sides are not touching the walls of the baking dish. If you don’t want the sides to be crispy, pat down the mixture so that it is touching each four sides of the baking dish. Either way you choose, cooking time will remain the same.
You can use regular bread crumbs instead of gluten free.

Submitter: 
Buckwheat Queen
Description: 
What is sexier than an easy dinner that doesn’t take a lot of time, strange ingredients, heat up the house, or require a lot of clean up? Not much. This is a spicy, saucy, and juicy meatloaf made in an air fryer. Sound attractive? In less than an hour - but more importantly, with very little effort - you can have a delicious and tender meatloaf on the table. Serve with mashed potatoes.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
