URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64712948/apple-cider-bread-pudding-with-caramel-bourbon-pecan-sauce/
Title:
Apple Cider Bread Pudding with Caramel Bourbon Pecan Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Bread Pudding:
6 cups day old french bread, cubed
2 medium apples, peeled, cored and chopped
1/2 cup dark raisins
4 large eggs
1 cup light brown sugar
1 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1/2 teaspoon ground allspice
1/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg
1 1/2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract
1/4 teaspoon salt
3 cups whole milk
1 cup apple cider
Caramel Bourbon Pecan Sauce
1 cup chopped pecans
2 cups light brown sugar
1 cup light corn syrup
1 cup heavy cream
1/2 cup butter
1/4 cup bourbon
2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract

Directions:
For the Pudding: Preheat oven to 350 degrees.
Lightly grease a 13x9 inch baking dish.
In a very large bowl, combine bread cubes, apple cubes and raisins.
In another large bowl, whisk together eggs, sugar and all spices until well combined.
Whisk in milk and apple cider, then pour mixture over the bread cubes.
Toss gently with a spatula until cubes are evenly coated.
Let stand for 15 minutes.
Pour mixture into prepared pan and smooth into an even layer.
Bake for about 45 minutes, until bread pudding is puffed and lightly browned, and a knife inserted near the center comes out clean.
Cool for at least 15 minutes (pudding will sink slightly),
And top with the Caramel Pecan Bourbon Sauce.
To make the Sauce:
Preheat oven to 325 degrees.
Spread pecans on a baking sheet and bake until lightly browned. This takes approximately 5 minutes. Watch them carefully so they don't burn. Set aside toasted pecans.
In a large heavy sauce pan, combine brown sugar, corn syrup, heavy cream and butter.
Bring to a boil over medium heat.
Reduce heat to medium low and continue cooking.
Stir constantly so it doesn't burn.
Cook until mixture is reduced to 3 cups.
This takes about 10-15 minutes.
Remove from heat.
Stir in bourbon, vanilla and pecans.
Serve with bread pudding.

Submitter: 
Ashley Holman
Description: 
This is always the first dessert to vanish during Thanksgiving dinner! It also won me 1st place in a Pecan dessert cooking competition a few years ago!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
35 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
