URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64719569/bargers-and-mash/
Title:
Bargers and Mash Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/6248110.jpg
Ingredients:
2 large baking potatoes, peeled and quartered
1 Tbsp + 2 tsp butter
¼ cup milk, or as needed
salt and pepper to taste
nutmeg
¾ pound beef sausage or pork sausage
¼ cup diced onion
1 clove garlic, minced
2 oz. thinly sliced mushrooms
basil, rosemary, and oregano
1 (.75 ounce) packet dry brown (or 1 can homestyle beef gravy) gravy mix
1 cup water, or as needed
2-3 oz. grated cheddar cheese

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.
Place potatoes in a saucepan with enough water to cover.
Bring to a boil, and cook until tender, about 20 minutes.
Drain potatoes in a colander.
Using an electric mixer on low speed, mash potatoes briefly with 2-3 teaspoons of butter and a dash of nutmeg.
Add enough milk to reach your desired creaminess and beat until smooth.
Season with salt and pepper. DO NOT OVERBEAT!
In a large skillet over medium heat, cook the sausage until no pink remains.
Remove from pan, and set aside.
Add remaining butter to the skillet, and fry the onions, mushrooms and garlic over
medium heat until tender.
Season lightly with basil, rosemary, and oregano.
Mix gravy mix and water as directed on the package, and add to the skillet with the onion mixture.
Simmer, stirring constantly, to form a thick gravy.
Pour half of the gravy into a square casserole dish so that it coats the bottom.
Place sausages in a layer over the gravy (you can butterfly the sausages if you wish).
Pour remaining gravy over them, then top with mashed potatoes.
Sprinkle with grated cheddar cheese.
Bake uncovered for 20 minutes in the preheated oven, or until potatoes are evenly brown.
Convection Oven: Bake for about 13 minutes or until browned.

Submitter: 
Mrs. Kedney'
Description: 
null
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
1h 15min
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
