URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64719311/instant-pot-chicken-paprikash-with-egg-noodles/
Title:
Instant Pot Chicken Paprikash With Egg Noodles Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/5864663.jpg
Ingredients:
•	1 Large Onion
•	2 Large Garlic Cloves, minced
•	3 TBSP Olive Oil
•	2 LB Skinless, Boneless Chicken Thighs
•	1 tsp Salt (this does not include the seasoning on chicken)
•	¼ tsp Black Pepper (this does not include the seasoning on chicken)
•	2 TBSP Paprika
•	1 Bay Leaf
•	2 cup Chicken Stock
•	1 cup Heavy Whipping Cream
•	2 TBSP Sour Cream
•	2 TBSP Corn Starch (mix with a little bit of water)
•	1 12 OZ bag of broad egg noodles

Directions:
1.	Dice the onion and mince garlic.
2.	Salt and pepper the chicken. Pat dry before seasoning if necessary.
3.	Press “SAUTE” function on your Instant Pot. Pour 3 tablespoons of olive oil in the pot once hot. Add the chicken and brown on both sides, approximately 2-3 minutes per side. This may be done in two batches if necessary. Remove the chicken once it is brown and set aside.
4.	Add the onion and garlic into the pot. Sauté this for a few minutes, until translucent. Stir frequently to avoid burning.
5.	Add chicken stock, salt, pepper, paprika. Mix everything with a wooden spoon. Add the browned chicken. Add the bay leaf.
6.	Close and lock the lid, set the steam release to “SEALING” position. Press “MANUAL” and adjust the time to 10 minutes and begin pressure cooking.
7.	After the cycle is finished, immediately release the pressure manually. Add egg noodles and stir in. Close and lock and lock the lid and pressure cook for 5 additional minutes. Immediately release the pressure manually once the cycle is complete.
8.	Press "SAUTE", and pour in heavy cream, sour cream and corn starch diluted in a little water. Once thoroughly mixed, turn off the heat and serve.

Submitter: 
Tom G.
Description: 
Instant pot chicken paprikash. Tender shredded chicken with egg noodles.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
45 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
