URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64719239/falafel-gyros/
Title:
Falafel Gyros Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 cup chickpeas or garbanzo beans, drained
1/2 large onion, chopped
2 cloves garlic, chopped
3 Tbsp fresh parsley, chopped
1/2 teaspoon coriander
1/2 Tbsp cumin
1/4 tsp pepper
2-4 Tbsp flour
1 tsp baking powder
Oil for frying
1/2 tomato, chopped for garnish
3 Romaine lettuce leaves, torn into bite-size pieces for garnish
1/4 red onion, chopped for garnish
1/2 cucumber, chopped for garnish
1/4 cup feta cheese
4 pitas

Directions:
Drain chickpeas
Place in a pan with fresh water, and bring to a boil
Allow to boil for 5 minutes then let simmer on low for about 10 minutes. Drain and allow to cool.
Sauté chopped onion in a little (2 – 3 tsp) oil over low heat until translucent.
Combine chickpeas and onion in the bowl of a food processor fitted with a steel blade.
Add the garlic, parsley, coriander, cumin, salt and pepper (to taste).
Process until blended but not pureed.
You want the result to be a thick paste.
Sprinkle in the baking powder and 4 tablespoons of the flour, and pulse.
You want to add enough flour so that the dough forms a small ball and no longer sticks to your hands.
Turn into a bowl and refrigerate, covered, for 15 minutes (or put in the freezer for quicker cooling).
Form the mixture into small balls (suggestion: use a cookie scoop to estimate accurate size),
about the size of a ping-pong ball.
Slightly flatten.
Heat 2 inches of oil in a deep pot or wok and
fry 1 ball to test.
If it falls apart, add a little flour.
Then fry 6 balls at once for a few minutes on
each side, until golden brown (5 – 7 minutes total).
Drain on paper towels.
Serve hot.
-Serving Suggestion
To make a pita sandwich out of falafel, stuff with 3- 4 falafel balls, chopped tomatoes, onion,
cucumber, lettuce, 2 Tbsp. feta cheese and 1 Tbsp. tzatziki. Fold in half and serve.

Submitter: 
Mrs. Kedney'
Description: 
Spiced mashed chickpeas formed into balls and deep-fried, all wrapped in a flatbread such as a pita, with tomato, onion and tzatziki sauce.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
50
Ready in:
1h25min
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
