URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64718124/gluten-free-mozzarella-sticks/
Title:
Gluten-Free Mozzarella Sticks Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/5825265.jpg
Ingredients:
•	8 ounce block low moisture mozzarella cheese
•	1/2 cup superfine white rice flour
•	1 egg
•	2 egg whites
•	1 cup gluten free bread crumbs
•	1 TBSP oregano
•	1/4 tsp salt
•	1/4 tsp black pepper
•	1/8 tsp garlic powder
•	1/8 tsp onion powder
•	1/2 tsp ground turmeric
•	1/4 cup olive oil, divided

Directions:
1.	Cut the block of cheese into sticks four inches by one inch.
2.	Put the rice flour into a shallow dish. Whisk the egg and egg whites in another shallow dish. Put the bread crumbs and all the seasonings into a third shallow dish. Mix well to combine all the spices.
3.	Dredge one mozzarella stick through the rice flour. Make sure to cover each four sides and the ends. Tap the stick to let the excess fall off. Then put the stick in the egg, turning it with a fork to make sure all four sides and the ends are covered as well. Drain off any excess egg. Thoroughly dredge one more time through the rice flour. Roll the stick a second time through the egg. Shake off excess and then dredge through the bread crumbs. Make sure all four sides are covered as well as the ends and the excess is shaken off. Put the stick through the egg and one last dredge through the bread crumbs. Shake off the excess. Ensuring that the ends are covered will prevent the cheese from melting and leaking through. Place the stick on a freezer-safe plate.
4.	Do the same process for each stick. Rice flour-egg-rice flour-egg-bread crumbs-egg-bread crumbs. Tapping the stick at the end of each step to eliminate any excess. Doing this will allow the coating to adhere better to the cheese.
5.	When all the sticks are fully coated, cover the plate with plastic wrap and put into the freezer. Set a timer for thirty minutes. At this time, preheat an oven to 425 F. Prepare a baking sheet with parchment paper. Set the timer for another thirty minutes.
6.	Fill an oil sprayer with the olive oil. Remove the sticks from the freezer. Place the sticks on the prepared baking tray and spray with olive oil. Put the baking tray into the oven. Reduce the temperature to 400 F. Cook for five minutes. Remove the baking tray. Close the oven door. Turn over each stick, spray with oil and cook another five minutes. Continue this process until each side has cooked five minutes after being sprayed with oil. In total, the sticks will cook twenty minutes.
7.	Serve with your favorite dipping sauce.
Notes/Footnotes: The rice flour is an important ingredient. It can be found in Asian grocery stores. If you don't have superfine white rice, do not use brown rice flour. It is too heavy. Instead, a good substitute would be corn starch, tapioca starch, or potato starch.

Submitter: 
Buckwheat Queen
Description: 
Baked mozzarella sticks that are crispy on the outside and gooey inside. Even though they’re not fried, with this recipe, they get crunchy without the mozzarella running out. The trick is in the dredging process and ingredients. Extra egg whites and light as air rice flour create a lighter coating. Double, double dipping creates a crispy outer coating usually absent from gluten free foods.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
25
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
3
Nutritional Facts:
NA
