URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64718762/caramel-apple-brownie-cheesecake/
Title:
Caramel Apple-Brownie Cheesecake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/5847765.jpg
Ingredients:
3/4 cup chopped pecans
2 (8-oz.) packages cream cheese, softened
1/2 cup granulated sugar
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
4 large eggs, divided
1/2 cup firmly packed light brown sugar
1/2 cup butter, melted
1 cup all-purpose flour
1 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1 teaspoon baking powder
1/4 teaspoon salt
1 1/2 cups peeled and diced Granny Smith apples

Directions:
Step 1
Preheat oven to 350°. Bake pecans in a single layer in a shallow pan 8 to 10 minutes or until lightly toasted and fragrant, stirring halfway through. Reduce oven temperature to 325°. Sprinkle pecans over bottom of a greased and floured shiny 9-inch springform pan.
Step 2
Beat cream cheese, granulated sugar, and vanilla at medium speed with a heavy-duty electric stand mixer until blended and smooth. Add 3 eggs, 1 at a time, beating just until blended after each addition.
Step 3
Whisk together brown sugar, melted butter, and remaining egg in a large bowl until blended.
Step 4
Stir together flour and next 3 ingredients; add to brown sugar mixture, and stir until blended. Stir in apples. Spoon batter into prepared pan. Carefully spoon cream cheese mixture over batter.
Step 5
Bake at 325° for 1 hour and 10 minutes or until set. Remove from oven, and gently run a knife around outer edge of cheesecake to loosen from sides of pan. (Do not remove sides of pan.) Cool completely in pan on a wire rack (about 2 hours). Transfer to a serving plate.
Step 6
Meanwhile, prepare Caramel Apple Topping and Caramel Sauce. Reserve 1 cup Caramel Sauce for another use. Spoon topping over cheesecake; drizzle with 1/2 cup Caramel Sauce.

Submitter: 
Jill Sander
Description: 
Combine two of fall's favorite flavors—caramel and apples—in this decadent cheesecake. The crust is an apple brownie, similar to a blonde brownie, but with the addition of chopped apple. Then the creamy cheesecake filling is topped with a caramel-apple topping and a rich caramel sauce.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30
Ready in:
4 hrs
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
