URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64713347/vegan-frittata/
Title:
Vegan Frittata Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/5658630.jpg
Ingredients:
Ingredients (1 ingredient per line):
1 cup chickpea flour
3/4 cup water
1/8 cup olive oil
1 tbsp oregano
1/2 tsp cayenne powder
1/2 tsp ground kala namak (Indian black salt), optional
1 tsp fresh ground black pepper
1/8 cup olive oil, divided
1/4 cup chopped onion
1/4 cup diced carrot
1/4 cup thinly sliced red bell pepper
1/2 zucchini, sliced into rounds
1/4 head of radicchio, cut into thin strips
1 tbsp minced parsley

Directions:
1.	Preheat the oven to 200°C
2.	In a bowl, mix together the chickpea flour and water with a fork until there are no lumps.  Add 1/8 cup of oil and mix until amalgamated. Add the oregano, cayenne, pepper and black salt (if using) mix well. Set aside.
3.	In an oven-proof, non-stick skillet, heat one tbsp oil on medium-high heat. Add the onion, carrot, and red bell pepper. Sauté until the onions are translucent and the carrots and bell pepper have begun to soften. Mix often to cook evenly, about 5 minutes. Add another tbsp of oil. Reduce the heat to medium. Add the zucchini, making sure the rounds are separated so they can brown. Cook for about 2-3 minutes or until the zucchini rounds have begun to soften and brown on both sides. Make sure the zucchini are distributed evenly throughout the skillet in a single layer. Evenly distribute the radicchio over the sautéing vegetables. Cover and cook for one minute or until the radicchio has just begun to wilt. Do not mix or stir the vegetables during this time.
4.	Give the chickpea flour mixture a stir and evenly pour in a circular motion starting in the middle moving outwards over the sautéing vegetables. Cook on medium heat until the edges begin to firm.
5.	Put the uncovered skillet in the oven and cook approximately twenty minutes until firm on top. When the frittata is firm in the middle and begins to pull away from the edges, turn on the broiler and broil the frittata until browned.
6.	Remove the frittata from the oven and let it sit, uncovered, for about one minute. Loosen the edges with a rubber scraper or spatula. Put a large plate on top of the skillet and hold one hand on the plate while flipping the skillet over. Let the frittata fall on the plate and remove the skillet. Allow to cool about two or three minutes before sprinkling with minced parsley. Serve warm.

Submitter: 
Buckwheat Queen
Description: 
Chickpea flour and lightly sautéed vegetables recreate an eggless frittata or open-faced omelette. A delicious - not too dense, not too fluffy - must have on your brunch table. Using black salt gives the dish a slight egg flavor.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
NA
