URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64717549/porridges-coconut-lentil-soup/
Title:
Porridge's Coconut Lentil Soup Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/5800132.jpg
Ingredients:
1 tablespoon vegetable oil
4 carrots
3 ribs of celery including greens
1 large onion
4 cloves of garlic
5 bay leaves
1 lb dried lentils
3 13.5 oz cans of coconut milk
15.5 oz canned black beans
8 cubes of vegetable bullion
white pepper
sea salt

Directions:
Put one gallon of water on to boil. Do not salt the water or add any broth or salt until LENTILS ARE FULLY COOKED as indicated in this recipe.
Clean and sort lentils, throwing out any shriveled beans.
Drain and rinse black beans.
Chop onion to a medium dice, with pieces no larger than a dime.
Heat large cast iron pan on medium heat.
Add vegetable oil of your choice to the pan and saute the onions until they begin to elucidate (approximately 10 minutes), then turn off.
Add lentils to boiling water.
To pot of boiling water add two bay leaves and one smashed clove of garlic.
Cover lentils, stirring occasionally.
Set timer for 15 minutes. Lentils will take anywhere from 15-20 minutes to cook.
Cut off dried ends of celery stalks.
Split ribs of celery into two or three pieces width-wise, then dice to less than 1/4 inch, reserving greens of celery.
Reheat pan of onions and, when hot, add celery dice, stirring every two minutes.
As the celery cooks with the onions, shred carrots with a large hole side on a box grater, cooking an additional 5 minutes or so.
Smash the three cloves of garlic finely or grate with a microplane.
Add garlic and carrots to celery and onion mixture in saute pan.
Cook until carrots begin to soften, an additional 4-5 minutes.
Drain cooked lentils when they are just past al dente, and have not yet split apart. They should be soft but not soggy.
In the large soup pot combine sauteed vegetables,  cooked lentils, coconut milk, drained black beans and remaining 3 bay leaves.
Simmer on low heat for at least another 30 minutes to allow carrots and celery to soften and combine flavors.
SEASON & SALT THE SOUP AS FOLLOWS
About 15 minutes before you are ready to eat, add bullion cubes to hot water to soften and once dissolved, combine with the soup.
Add more water if needed to ensure there is some broth remaining atop the lentils once they are cooked.
Taste for seasoning and add salt and pepper a little at a time until the sweetness of the coconut milk is balanced by the bullion and sea salt.
For a more velvety texture, you may remove bay leaves and blitz partially with an immersion blender. Alternately, you may remove 3-4 cups of soup without bay leaves in them and put in a blender, then recombine with the rest of the soup.
Serve in large soup bowls with crusty bread or over steamed brown rice.

Submitter: 
Lindsay Fundakowski Feldman
Description: 
null
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 h 30 m
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
NA
