URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64716564/belgian-beer-braised-chicken/
Title:
Belgian Beer Braised Chicken Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/5784851.jpg
Ingredients:
6 chicken legs and thighs
½ cup flour
1 pinch salt
16 oz Belgian dubbel beer
1 pinch black pepper
3 tbsp bacon fat
4 leeks
5 sprigs thyme
2 bay leaves
1 cup chicken stock
1 cup heavy cream

Directions:
Remove the dark green tops from the leeks and discard. Slice the leeks in half lengthwise and place in a bowl full of water. v
Swish the leeks around in the water a bit to remove any sand/dirt. Remove from the water and pat dry.
Thinly slice the leeks and set aside.
Place the flour in a large zip-top bag and season with a pinch of salt and pepper.
Add the chicken quarters to the bag and shake until well coated. (You can also dredge in the flour, but the shake and bake method is much easier!)
Remove the chicken quarters from the bag and shake off any excess flour.
Heat the bacon fat in a large pot.
Place the chicken quarters in the pot, skin side down and cook for about 5 minutes, until nicely browned.
Flip and cook the other side for about 5 minutes.
Remove from the pot and place on a large plate.
Add the sliced leeks to the pan and cook until softened, about 2-3 minutes.
Add the Belgian Dubbel, thyme, bay leaves, chicken stock, and heavy cream to the pot.
Return the chicken quarters to the pot. Add a bit more chicken stock, if needed - they should be about 3/4 of the way covered with liquid.
Cover and simmer for 20 minutes.
Your Belgian Dubbel Chicken is done! Serve and enjoy!

Submitter: 
Dads That Cook
Description: 
We've all drunk beer while eating chicken, but what about cooking chicken in the beer? Follow along as Chef Paul Murray shares his Belgian Dubbel Chicken recipe. This is one of those tasty, fall off the bone kind of chicken dishes - you're going to love it!

#DadsThatCook
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 mins
Ready in:
30 mins
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
