URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64718671/gluten-free-northern-italian-autumn-minestrone/
Title:
Gluten-Free Northern Italian Autumn Minestrone Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/5845238.jpg
Ingredients:
1 medium carrot
1 small yellow onion
1 stalk celery
1/2 small red bell pepper
1/4 cup olive oil
12 ounces carrot, diced
4 ounces yellow onion, diced
15 ounces potatoes, peeled and diced
12 ounces zucchini, diced
3 cups fresh cranberry beans
10 ounces fresh pumpkin, diced
2 tbsp oregano
1 tbsp fresh rosemary, minced
1 bay leaf
6 cups vegetable broth, divided
1 tbsp salt
6 ounces gluten free elbow pasta
2 cups vegetable broth, divided
1 fresh hot pepper, minced
6 tbsp fine grated Parmigiano Reggiano (optional)

Directions:
Make a soffritto. In a food processing with the shredder attachment, shred the medium carrot, small onion, celery, red bell pepper.
Heat a 7 quart pressure cooker over medium high heat. Add the oil and soffritto and sauté until softened. Add the diced carrot, onion, potatoes, zucchini, cranberry beans, and fresh pumpkin. Once the vegetables have warmed through, add the oregano, rosemary, and bay leaf. Stir well to insure all the vegetables are coated with the oil and seasonings.
Add enough broth that the vegetables are covered by one inch of broth. Close the pressure cooker lid and bring to pressure. Cook for 10 minutes from the initial whistle.
Allow to release naturally. Once possible, remove the lid. Taste and adjust salt. Add more broth to allow for the pasta. Bring to a boil and add the pasta. Cook, stirring occasionally, until al dente about 8 minutes. Add more boiling broth if needed.
Once the pasta is ready, ladle into bowls. Top with minced hot peppers and parmigiano reggiano.
Notes/Footnotes: If you can’t get fresh beans, use 1 cup dried beans that have been soaked in cool water overnight.

Submitter: 
Buckwheat Queen
Description: 
Typical autumn flavors from Northern Italy mixed with gluten free pasta will warm you on a cool evening. Use any shape pasta you desire, even broken spaghetti works. If desired, the soup without the pasta will freeze wonderfully. Just cook the pasta in the soup once thawed.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
