URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64717522/instant-pot-pot-roast-with-potatoes-and-carrots/
Title:
Instant Pot Pot Roast with Potatoes and Carrots Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 3-5 lb beef chuck roast
1 tablespoon oil
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon marjoram
1 teaspoon rosemary
1 teaspoon garlic powder (optional)
1 /2 teaspoon black pepper
1/2 teaspoon paprika (optional)
1 large yellow onion sliced
1 pound baby red potatoes
4 large carrots, chopped into large chunks   (see note if using baby carrots)
4 cups beef broth
2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce (optional)

Directions:
1.  Turn on instant pot to saute
2.  In a small bowl make a rub of the salt, pepper rosemary, marjoram, onion powder, garlic powder, and paprika.  Rub mixture all over the roast to coat all sides.
3.  Drizzle oil in instant pot, wait about 30 seconds then place roast in the pot.  Do not move it for 3-4 minutes until well seared and browned.   Turn the roast onto another side for 3-4 minutes, repeating until all sides are browned.
4.   Switch instant pot to "pressure cook" on high and set time to 60-80 minutes (60 for a 3 lb roast; 80 for a five pound roast;  see notes if using baby carrots.  Add onion
, potatoes, and carrots.  Pour beef broth and Worcestershire sauce over everything.  Place lid on the pot and turn to locked position.  Make sure the vent is set to the sealed position.
5.  When cooking time is up, do a natural release for 10 minutes (don't touch anything on the pot, just let it depressurize on its own for 10 minutes.)  After 10 minutes, turn the vent to the venting release position and allow all of the steam to vent and the float value to drop down before removing the lid.
6.  Transfer the roast, potatoes, onions, and carrots to a platter and serve.
Note:  If you use baby carrots, set your pressure cooking time to 10 minutes shorter than the recipe states and leave the carrots out of the pot.  Once the pressure cooking time is finished, add the baby carrots to the pot and set the pot to pressure cook for 10 mire minutes.

Submitter: 
N8TE
Description: 
A tasty family favorite cooked in the Instant Pot
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
