URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64716794/peer---baby-cheese-cakes-with-toffee-pears/
Title:
Peer - Baby Cheese Cakes with Toffee Pears Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
3/4 cup quick-cooking rolled oats
1/4 cup finely chopped walnuts
1/4 cup packed brown sugar
3 tablespoons butter, melted
1 8 ounce package cream cheese, softened
1 egg
2 ounces crumbled blue cheese
1/4 cup dairy sour cream
2 tablespoons butter
1/2 cup packed brown sugar
2 tablespoons whipping cream
4 pears, cored and sliced
1/4 teaspoon vanilla
1/2 cup lightly toasted broken walnuts

Directions:
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Line eight 2-1/2-inch muffin cups with foil or paper bake cups; set aside.
For crust
In bowl stir together oats, 1/4 cup walnuts, 1/4 cup brown sugar, and 3 tablespoons butter until combined.
Spoon 2 rounded tablespoons oat mixture into each prepared muffin cup.
With bottom of a narrow glass press down lightly.
Bake 8 minutes or until lightly browned.
Cool slightly on wire racks.
Reduce oven temperature to 325 degrees F.
For cheesecake filling, in medium bowl beat cream cheese with an electric mixer on medium to high speed until smooth.
Add egg and beat just until combined.
Stir in blue cheese and sour cream.
Spoon well-rounded tablespoons of the cheese mixture into each crust-lined muffin cup.
Bake 20 minutes or until slightly puffed and set.
Cool 30 minutes. Remove from cups. Place on tray, cover and refrigerate at least 2 or up to 24 hours.
Let stand at room temperature for 30 minutes before serving.
For Toffee Pears
In large skillet melt the 2 tablespoons butter over medium heat.
Add the 1/2 cup brown sugar and cream.
Cook and stir until bubbly.
Add pears.
Cook, stirring occasionally, 5 minutes or until pears are tender.
Remove from heat.
Stir in vanilla.
Cool slightly.
To serve, remove foil or paper liners from cheesecakes.
Spoon about 1 tablespoon brown sugar-cream mixture into each of 8 dessert dishes.
Top with a cheesecake.
Spoon pears around cheesecake.
Sprinkle each with toasted walnuts.
Makes 8 servings.

Submitter: 
Jill Sander
Description: 
Company coming? Try this spin on a classic flavor combination for dessert. This pear and mini cheesecake recipe will wow the crowd.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
