URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64714341/hasselback-apples-with-granola-streusel/
Title:
Hasselback Apples with Granola Streusel Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/5689769.jpg
Ingredients:
3/8 cup all purpose flour
1 tablespoon brown sugar
1/8 teaspoon ground nutmeg
6 tablespoons cold butter, unsalted, divided use
1 cup sweetened oat granola type cereal
2 Fuji apples, peeled, cored, and halved lengthwise
2-3 tablespoons raisins
2 teaspoons white sugar
2 tablespoons apple juice or water
Whipped cream, optional

Directions:
Preheat oven to 375 degrees, and butter an 8" x 8" baking dish.
Combine flour, brown sugar and nutmeg in a large bowl.
Take 4 tablespoons of the butter, and cut into small cubes.
Cut butter cubes into combined dry ingredients using a fork or a pastry blender, continuing until the mixture looks like coarse cornmeal.
Add granola and toss with the butter mixture until it clumps together a bit, then  set aside.
To prepare the apples, place two skewers or flatware knives, a minimum of 1/2" thick, parallel to each other on a cutting board.
Place an apple half cut side down on the cutting board, between the skewers or knife handles.
Make thin slices in the apple half, using the skewers or knives to keep the blade from cutting all the way through the apple.
Gently separate the slices, being careful not to break the apple half, and place 2 raisins between each slice.   Repeat with each apple half.
Place each raisin stuffed apple half cut side down in a buttered baking dish.
Sprinkle water over the apple halves.
Sprinkle each apple half with 1/2 teaspoon sugar.
Evenly divide granola streusel and place on top of each apple half.
Place in preheated oven and bake for 55 minutes.
Allow to cool slightly, and garnish with whipped cream, if desired.

Submitter: 
Bibi
Description: 
Try these delightful bitefuls made with sweetened granola cereal in the topping.  Is it dessert?  Is it breakfast?  You decide!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
