URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64711353/green-tomatoe-chow-chow/
Title:
Garden Fresh Green Tomato Chow Chow Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/5597505.jpg
Ingredients:
6  pounds green tomatoes
3 pounds white onions
1/2 cup pickling spice ( make sure it is in a bag) l use the toe of clean panty hose.
4 cups white vinegar
7 cups white sugar
1 teaspoon each of salt and pepper
1/2 cup course salt
2 red tomatoes ( optional)
Mason Jars( i use  500 ml jars)

Directions:
In a food processor using the slicer slice the tomatoes and onions on the thin side.
Put the sliced tomatoes and onions in a large bowl and sprinkle with the 1/2 cup of coarse salt and enough water to cover all. Cover the bowl with a heavy plate large enough to cover all. Make sure it is heavy enough that all is submerged in the brine.
let stand overnight on the counter.
In the morning drain off the brine into a colander and rinse tomatoes and onions with cold water
Put the tomatoes and onions in a large pot, add the vinegar,
sugar,and pickling spice( in the bag)
Boil on medium heat until it changes  colour.
Stir every once in a while to keep it from sticking.
It’s done when it goes from bright green to dull green.
I add a couple of red tomatoes also just to give it some color.
When done  put in clean and  sterilized mason jars leaving 1/2 inch head space.
Put the lids on and leave to cool until the lids pop, that means they are sealed.
Store  in a cool place like the basement. They will last up to two years.
To  Sterilize  Jars and Lids::
Wash in really hot water  or run through the dishwasher.
When washed put on a old cookie sheet, or one wrapped in foil.
Put in a hot oven 325 degrees for about 10-12 minutes.
Make sure the jars are cold before filling them with the Chow.
I use the  medium size mason jars, but  use which ever size you like.
The jars will leave rings on the sheet If you do not use a old or foiled cookie sheet.
I learned that one the hard way....

Submitter: 
manella
Description: 
Tomato season is here!!!
A great way to use the bounty of green tomatoes.
This was given to me when we moved to the country many years ago.
by a wonderful neighbour lady, and has never failed me.
A delicious chow to go with any white fish.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20-30min. plus sitting ti
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
9
Nutritional Facts:
NA
