URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64726267/tortilla-de-patatas/
Title:
Tortilla de Patatas Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 medium potatoes, peeled
1/2 whole yellow onion
Sea salt to taste
Potatoes & onions
4 large eggs
2.5 tsp of reserved olive oil for cooking the tortilla
1 cups olive oil for frying

Directions:
Cut the peeled potatoes in half lengthwise twice. With the flat side on the cutting surface, slice the potato in pieces approximately 1/8" thick*.
Peel and chop the onion into 1/4" pieces.
Put potatoes and onions into a bowl.
Salt to taste and mix together.
In a large, heavy, non-stick frying pan, heat the olive oil on medium-high heat.
Drop a single piece of potato into the oil to ensure it is hot enough to fry.
Carefully place the potato and onion mixture into the frying pan, spreading them evenly over the surface. The oil should almost cover the potatoes.
Cook in a pan until the potatoes are cooked*.
Drain in a colander** and set aside.
While the mixture is draining, crack the eggs into a large mixing bowl and beat by hand with a whisk or fork.
Stir potato-onion mixture into the eggs with a large spoon.
Pour 2 tsp. of olive oil into a small, non-stick frying pan (8”)
Heat on medium heat (Let the pan and oil get very hot; important so the eggs don't stick) then stir the potato-onion mixture once more and “pour” into the pan and spread out evenly.
Cook for 1 min. and then lower the heat to medium-low, cooking until the eggs are completely set at the edges, halfway set in the center, and the tortilla easily slips around in the pan when you give it a shake, 5 to 7 min. You may need to nudge the tortilla to lose with a knife or spatula.
Carefully lift up one side of the omelet to check if the egg has slightly “browned.”
When the mixture has browned on the bottom; you are ready to turn it over to cook the other side***.
Place the frying pan back on the range.
Put just enough oil (1/2 tsp) to cover the bottom & sides of the pan.
Allow the pan to warm for 30 seconds.
Slide the omelet (which is probably still a bit runny), into the frying pan, using a plastic turner to catch any egg mixture that runs out. Use the turner to shape the sides of the omelet; tuck the edges in & under itself (to neaten the sides).
Let the omelet cook until a skewer inserted into the center comes out clean, hot, & with no uncooked egg on it, another 3 - 5 min.
Transfer the tortilla to a serving platter.
Cool at least 5 min.
Serve warm, at room temperature, or slightly cool.
To serve as the main course, slice it into 6-8 pieces like a pie.
Serve sliced French bread on the side.

Submitter: 
Mrs. Kedney'
Description: 
Spanish omelet made with eggs and potatoes
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 min
Ready in:
40 min
Number of servings: 
3
Nutritional Facts:
NA
