URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64725524/chicken-chasseur/
Title:
Chicken Chasseur Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/6088980.jpg
Ingredients:
1 Chicken cut up
Salt & Pepper
4 oz Butter
1 1/2 cups chicken stock
5 oz cremini mushrooms (thinly sliced)
1 Lg Shallot (diced)
2 oz Cognac
2 oz dry white wine (Muscadet, Sauvignon Blanc, Pino Grigio)
1/2 cup diced tomato
1 tsp finely diced tarragon leaves (fresh)
1 tsp chervil or parsley leaves (chopped)

Directions:
Prepare ahead. Wash, trim and chop the mushrooms. Peel, and chop the shallots. Wash and chop the parsley and tarragon. Chop and seed the tomato (or used canned) Reserve all in a container in the fridge.
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F
Season chicken pieces on both sides with salt and pepper. Heat a few tablespoons of clarified butter in a Dutch oven over high heat. Place chicken in skin side down and cook until golden brown. Turn the chicken over and brown the other side. Remove chicken to a baking sheet and bake in the oven until just cooked through about 12 to 15 minutes.
Remove all but 2 tablespoons of the fat from the pan. Add the mushrooms, season with salt and pepper, and saute until golden brown. Add the shallots and cook for 30 seconds. Remove the pan from the heat and add the Cognac and cook until completely reduced. Add the wine and cook until completely reduced. Add the stock and tomato and bring to a simmer. Cook until the sauce is thick enough to coat the back of a spoon and then swirl in the butter. Once the butter is added, the sauce cannot be further reduced because it will break. Season with salt and pepper and stir in the tarragon and chervil.
Add the chicken back to the pot with any juices and warm on low heat for a few minutes.
Serve with a side of potatoes and the rest of your bottle of wine.

Submitter: 
Susan Murdoch
Description: 
null
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15
Ready in:
50
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
