URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64720125/cinnamon-swirl-bread/
Title:
Cinnamon Swirl Bread Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
3 1/2 cups of Bread Flour
2 1/4 tsp Instant Yeast
1/4  cup sugar
1/2 tsp salt
1/4 cup plus 2 tbsp Milk)
1/4 cup water
1/4 cup butter or margarine
1 whole egg

Directions:
Add milk, water, and butter together and place in a microwave to melt butter and bring liquid temp to 120° - 130°.  Stir to mix and be sure butter has melted.
Combine 2 1/2 cups of flour, yeast, sugar, and salt.
Using the paddle attachment on low, add milk mixture, and room temp egg to flour mixture and combine until smooth.
Replace with the dough hook and add 1/4cup of flour at a time until dough is firm and no longer sticky and pulls away from the sides of the bowl.
When the dough is ready, you should be able to pinch it and pull without it falling apart. It should stretch.
Place dough in lightly oiled bowl and turn to grease top. Cover; let rise until dough tests ripe, about 60-90 minutes.
Punch the dough down and roll the dough out to a rectangle.
Brush with melted butter, sprinkle with sugar and cinnamon.
Starting with shorter side, roll up tightly, pressing dough into roll with each turn. Pinch edges and ends to seal. Place in a buttered bread pan, seam-side down.  Cover; let rise in warm place until indentation remains after lightly touching (about 30min - 1 hr)
Bake in preheated 350°F oven for 35 to 40 minutes until golden brown.  Test for doneness by tipping loaf out of the pan and checking the bottom for golden brown color and sounds hollow when flicked with a finger.  If it sounds solid, return to the oven for another 5 - 10 min and check again.
Remove from the pan and cool on a rack. Top with melted butter and sugar-cinnamon mixture.

Submitter: 
Dave Niezabitowski Sr.
Description: 
Cinnamon Swirl Bread is a delicious treat that many can't resist. Great for use as French Toast or simple toast.  Enjoy.

NOTE:
You can substitute Instant (fast-rising) yeast for Active Dry Yeast. Traditional methods- replace 1:1. Expect your dough to rise faster; always let your dough rise until it passes the finger poke test. Bread Machines- use ½ tsp Instant yeast (or ¾ tsp Active Dry yeast) per cup of flour in your recipe.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
5 min
Ready in:
3hrs
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
