URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64720000/spicy-gluten-free-chicken-and-cheddar-waffles-with-blackberry-maple-syrup/
Title:
Spicy Gluten-Free Chicken and Cheddar Waffles with Blackberry Maple Syrup Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/5887501.jpg
Ingredients:
Syrup:
1 cup pure maple syrup
1 teaspoon ancho chili powder
¼ teaspoon red pepper flakes
4 blackberries (plus additional to serve)
Chicken:
2 pounds chicken tenders
Zest and juice of 1 orange
¼ cup coconut flour
¼ cup almond flour
1 teaspoon smoked paprika
1 teaspoon minced garlic
Waffles:
2 ¼ cup gluten free baking flour
½ teaspoon rosemary
½ teaspoon thyme
1 cup shredded sharp cheddar cheese
1 tablespoon baking powder
¼ teaspoon sea salt
1 stick softened butter
1 tablespoon maple syrup
3 eggs
1 ¾ cups almond milk

Directions:
For syrup:
Muddle blackberries in the bottom of a glass serving jar.
Add spices, then maple syrup, and stir briskly to thoroughly combine.
Warm in microwave for 1 minute, and set aside until ready to serve.
For chicken:
Place chicken in a large shallow baking dish. Drizzle with juice from orange and season liberally with salt and pepper; set aside.
In a shallow dish, whisk together orange zest, ½ cup coconut flour, ½ cup almond flour, smoked paprika and minced garlic; set aside and preheat oven to 400 degrees.
.
To make waffles:
In a large bowl, sift together flour, orange zest, baking powder, and salt.
Using an electric mixer in a separate bowl, beat together butter and maple syrup.
Gradually add flour blend and milk, alternating in three batches.
Pour into waffle maker and bake (see note).
Store on a baking sheet in a warm oven while preparing chicken.
Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.
Gently shake each chicken tender and press each side into reserved flour mixture.
Place on parchment lined baking sheet and bake for twenty minutes, flipping at ten minutes to allow each side to brown.
To serve: Top each waffle with a warm chicken tender or two and a handful of blackberries.
Drizzle with warmed spicy maple syrup.
*These waffles will take longer than your normal waffle cycle to bake through.
Use non-stick spray liberally and allow to go until they are deeply brown and crisp.

Submitter: 
Angela Sackett  Superhotmama
Description: 
These crispy cheddar waffles combine with chicken tenders and a spicy blackberry-muddled maple syrup for a sophisticated version of a classic southern dish that's also gluten free!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
