URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64723361/rustic-spinach-puff-pastry-bake/
Title:
Rustic Spinach Puff Pastry bake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/6016083.jpg
Ingredients:
1 pkg. (17.3 oz.) Pepperidge Farms frozen puff pastry sheets (2 sheets) thawed
6 eggs (preferred room temp)
1 cup Ricotta Cheese
1 pkg. (24 oz.) frozen chopped spinach (thawed and drained well)
6 slices Bacon (cooked, drained and chopped)
1 1/2 cups shredded cheddar cheese (I prefer sharp cheddar)
1/2 cup finely chopped red bell pepper
1/2 cup finely chopped yellow bell pepper
Dash of a hot pepper sauce to give some kick (I prefer Frank's Hot Sauce)
Dash of salt and pepper to taste.

Directions:
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.
Unfold puff pastry sheets and roll out 1 sheet into an 11-inch square and the other a 12-inch square (I suggest dusting counter top with a little flour for easier roll-out).
Grease well the side and bottom of a 9-inch springform pan then line with the 12-inch square pastry sheet (note: there will be some overlap on pan).
Whisk eggs in medium/large mixing bowl and reserve approx 1 tablespoon for egg wash.  Add ricotta cheese, hot sauce, dash of salt and pepper and spinach to eggs; mix till blended.
Layer half each of the bacon, cheese, spinach mixture then red/yellow peppers in pastry-lined pan. Repeat layer with other half on ingredients.
Place the 11-inch pastry sheet on top of layered mixture and fold and tuck edges into pan to enclose/cover spinach filling. Pinch edges to seal.
Brush surface with reserved egg; pierce slits to allow steam to escape.
Bake 45-50  minutes till top golden brown. Allow to cool 10 minutes then run knife around edge before removing.
Side note: I know not everyone has/uses springform pans. I have not tried but think you could do same principal with a baking dish.

Submitter: 
Sahara B
Description: 
I love cooking with puff pastry. It's simple and easy to work with and most of all, it doesn't have to be perfect. I always include some type of puff pastry dish during holiday times. Comfort food filled with tasty ingredients is always a winner with my family and friends.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30
Ready in:
1 h 25 m
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
