URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64724330/breakfast-egg-muffins/
Title:
Breakfast Egg Muffins Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Cooking Spray
12 Large Eggs
2 Pieces Sliced Bread, cubed into small pieces
8 Ounces Cooked Ham, Bacon or Sausage (can omit if vegetarian)
1 Cup Assorted Diced Veggies (Bell Peppers, Onions, Green Onions, Mushrooms, Tomatoes, and/or Spinach, etc. - 1 Cup TOTAL.  You could also use already cooked veggies if that is your preference or if they were leftover).
Salt & Pepper to taste
1 Cup Finely Shredded Cheddar Cheese (or whatever your preference is)

Directions:
1)  Preheat oven to 350 degrees
2) Spray a standard size muffin tin with cooking spray and set on a sheet pan for any drips in oven
3) Crack open all 12 eggs in a bowl and whisk well.  Set aside while you assemble the rest of the muffin cups.
3) Drop about 5-6  small pieces of bread in the bottoms of the tins.  Evenly distribute them.  This will give your muffins a base.
4)  Evenly distribute your cooked meat into the muffin tin.  You can leave the meat out of this if you want them to be vegetarian or you can use whatever you have on hand.  I use bacon or leftover Thanksgiving/Christmas ham, but use what you like.
5) Evenly distribute the diced veggies in the tins.  I like to use a good mix, but you can pick and choose what you enjoy.  Asparagus and ham would be a nice combination!  Be careful with tomatoes as they are watery.  You can add salt to them and drain them before adding to your mix if you want to use all tomatoes.
6) Pour the eggs into each muffin slot.  Be sure to distribute evenly so they cook the same.  Some of the egg will be absorbed by the bread.
7) Sprinkle salt and pepper to taste.  Be careful with the salt since the cheese will have salt in it as well.
8) Sprinkle cheese evenly over each muffin
9)  Bake 20 Minutes
10) Pull out and let cool before getting them out.  If they stick a little bit just run a butter knife along the edges of your pan and they will then drop out just fine.  Enjoy while warm and store the leftovers in your refrigerator .  You can pop these in the microwave to enjoy later.  Our family makes a double batch of these on Sunday to enjoy for breakfast the rest of the week.

Submitter: 
hstar07
Description: 
Delicious and quick breakfast egg muffins!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
