URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64721628/sea-salted-mini-caramel-cheesecake-cups/
Title:
Sea Salted Mini Caramel Cheesecake Cups Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/5945921.jpg
Ingredients:
1/2 cup graham cracker crumbs
1 tbsp. brown sugar (packed)
3/4 tsp sea salt divided
2 tbsp unsalted butter, melted
1 1/2 package of softened cream cheese (8 oz. each). Use a quality cream cheese it does make a difference in overall taste.
1/2 cup granulated sugar
1 medium egg, mixed
12 Caramel soft chews bites
1 tbsp. 1 % milk

Directions:
Preheat oven to 325 degrees.
Mix in small bowl graham crumbs, brown sugar, 1/4 tsp. sea salt and the butter till well combined.
Press graham sugar mixture in the bottoms of a 24 paper lined mini muffin cup pan. (equally divided).
Beat cream cheese, sugar in a med mix bowl till blended. Add egg and beat till just mixed. Spoon approximately 1 tbsp cream cheese batter into each paper muffin cup. ( I will say took some time for me to master the art...call me "grace").
Bake in preheated oven for approximately 15-17 minutes. (want centers almost set)
Cool completely (good 30 mins). Refrigerate 1 hour.
While mini cups chilling in fridge. Place caramel soft chews in a small heat proof bowl. (being a double boiler ) Add milk and 1/4 tsp sea salt and place over saucepan of boiling water. (make sure hot/boiling water does not heat into to bowl.
Cook and stir constantly till melted/mixed and blended well.
Drizzle about 1 tsp of caramel mixture over each mini cheesecake.
Top each mini with remaining sea salt and refrigerate for approximately 1 hr before serving.

Submitter: 
Sahara B
Description: 
I like to cook ...I will say that I am not a baker though. Reason measuring is important.  The one thing my mum taught me to bake was her award winning NY style cheesecake. This mix is pretty darn true to her mix, but you may wish to make adjustments. I like to also serve with a little dab of sriracha hot sauce...I'm from Texas...we love spicy you know. Hot'n Sweet kinda thing. Hope you enjoy.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
25
Ready in:
3 hr
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
NA
