URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64725054/thai-sesame-chicken-and-vegetables-with-rice-vermicelli/
Title:
Thai Sesame Chicken and Vegetables with Rice Vermicelli Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Marinade:
2 cloves garlic, minced
1/2 tablespoon fresh ginger, minced (or 1/2 - 1 tsp dried ginger)
1/4 cup low sodium tamari
2 tablespoons lime juice
1 1/4 lb boneless skinless chicken breasts, sliced, or cubed
Vegetables:
1 clove garlic, minced
1/4 tsp ginger, minced
2 red bell peppers, thinly sliced
1 red onion, thinly sliced
1  lb broccoli florets
1/4 - 1 tsp crushed red pepper (optional, add more if you want a spicy hot dish)
1/8 - 1/4 tsp salt, or to taste (optional)
2.5 tbsp Oil (vegetable, olive, or avocado), 1 tbsp reserved
Other:
2 nests Rice Vermicelli (approx. 8 oz total)
1/2 cup Thai Sesame Sauce (your favorite brand with or without peanuts)
1/2 - 1 cup unsalted dry roasted cashews (optional)
Garnishes (optional):
2-3 sliced scallion
Thai Basil
Cilantro

Directions:
In a nonreactive bowl, whisk garlic, ginger, tamari, and lime juice. Add chicken to the bowl and combine well using your hands. Cover bowl with plastic wrap and place in fridge for 30 - 60 minutes.
While chicken is marinading, prep vegetables and set aside.
In a wok or deep skillet, heat 1.5 tbsp oil over medium-high heat. Add chicken to wok and discard any remaining marinade that might be left in the bowl. Using a spatula, cook and stir the chicken in the hot oil until chicken is cooked through, about 5-10 minutes. Remove chicken and any juices to large bowl. Set aside.
Heat remaining 1 tbsp oil in wok or deep skillet over medium-high heat. Add garlic and ginger and cook for a few seconds, or until garlic begins to brown. Add red bell pepper and onion, and stir to cook for 2-3 minutes or until onions start to soften a little.
Add broccoli and optional salt and crushed red pepper to wok/skillet. Stir to combine with the peppers, onion, garlic, and ginger, and continue cooking until broccoli is starting to get barely fork tender. Return chicken to pan and toss to combine. Continue stirring and cooking until broccoli is fork tender or to your desired doneness. Reduce heat to low to keep warm, stirring intermittently.
Prepare rice vermicelli according to package instructions. Drain vermicelli and toss to combine with with chicken and vegetables in the wok. Add Thai Sesame Sauce and cashews, and toss to combine until heated through--increase heat to medium if necessary. (Note: You can use the cashews as a garnish instead of combining with everything).
Serve in bowls topped with optional garnishes.

Submitter: 
SZYQ1
Description: 
Delicious recipe I created using Wildtree Thai Sesame Sauce, which does not contain gluten, shellfish, dairy, or eggs. This recipe is not spicy, but could be given a kick by adding some crushed red peppers when stir frying the vegetables or add a little sambal oelek when adding chicken back to the vegetables for a little. You could also add 1-2 sliced jalapeno/serrano when stir frying the vegetables. Other vegetables of your choice such as carrots, snow/snap peas can be added but keep in mind cook time as you don't want vegetables to be too soft.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
