URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64721437/heavenly-hen---sheet-pan-thanksgiving-cornish-hen-dinner/
Title:
Heavenly Hen - Sheet Pan Thanksgiving Cornish Hen Dinner Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/5940095.jpg
Ingredients:
2 (2 pound) Cornish Hens
1 Tbsp Olive Oil
3 Pounds of Potatoes, peeled & sliced round
2-3 Carrots
1 Onion, sliced
2 Tablespoons Butter, softened
2 Tablespoon Italian Seasoning, divided (recipe follows)
1/2 cup Chicken Broth (or stock)
1/2 Lemon, cut
salt & pepper (to taste)
Gravy:
2 Tablespoons - 1/4 c water
1/2 - 1 Tablespoon Flour
Pan drippings
Italian Seasoning:
3 tablespoons dried oregano
3 tablespoons dried basil
2 Tablespoons dried parsley, crush between palms
1 tsp dried rosemary
1 tsp marjoram
1 tsp sage
2 teaspoons onion powder
2 teaspoons garlic powder
1 teaspoon crushed red pepper

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 500°F (or as high as your oven will go but NOT broil).
Spray a large sheet pan with vegetable cooking spray. Peel and cut potatoes into disc, slice onions and cut carrots into large pieces. Arrange the vegetables onto the sheet pan in a single layer. Drizzle with Olive Oil and sprinkle 1 tablespoon Italian seasoning mixture over top of vegetables.
Combine 2 tablespoons of the butter and 1 tsp of the Italian seasoning mix, until well blended. Set aside.
Rinse the hens well, inside and out, under cool running water. Remove bag from inside the cavity (discard or keep to make chicken stock). Pat the hens dry with paper towels. Make a pocket between the skin and the meat of the hen with your fingers being careful to not rip the skin. Season the inside of the hen's cavity with salt and pepper. Divide the butter mixture between the hens and place in between the breast meat and the skin of the hen. Place hens on top of the potato and onion mixture. Season the outside of the hens with salt, pepper and remaining Italian seasoning.  Place 1/4 of a piece of lemon inside the cavity of the hen (can zest the lemon on top of the hens for added flavor). Pour chicken broth into bottom of sheet pan.
Transfer the sheet pan to the oven and roast for 35-45, until the hens are nicely browned. If necessary, tent the hens with foil during the last few minutes of cooking to prevent over-browning.
When the hens reach an internal temperature of 165°F, remove the sheet pan from the oven. Transfer the hens to a board and let them rest for about 10 minutes.
Meanwhile to make the gravy, drain some of the pan drippings (about 1/2 cup) from beneath the vegetables into a small sauce pan, bring to a boil.  Mix four and cold water together then add to the pan drippings whisking until desired consistency.
Note: To check the temperature, insert an instant-read thermometer in the thickest part of the breast, avoiding any bones. The temperature should read 165 degrees F. Depending on the weight of the hens more butter may be necessary.  If you do not get 1/2 cup of pan drippings, chicken broth may be substituted.
Can store seasoning covered for 6 months. Adapted from Emeril's Italian Essence.

Submitter: 
tcasa
Description: 
Cornish Hens are perfect thanksgiving dinner yet elegant when everyone gets their own individual Cornish hen. Place root vegetables under hens and roast on a sheet pan until cooked. The juices from the hen season the vegetables. Delicious!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
75
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
