URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64723053/cranberry-crumble-bars/
Title:
Cranberry Crumble Bars Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/6903824.jpg
Ingredients:
•2 cups all-purpose flour
•1/2 cup granulated sugar
•1/2 teaspoon table salt
•1 cup unsalted butter, chilled

Directions:
Use parchment paper to line a 9-by-13-inch baking pan so that the paper hangs over the sides of the pan. Spray with nonstick cooking spray. Preheat the oven to 350° and set a rack to the middle position.
Make the shortbread: In a medium bowl, whisk together the flour, sugar, and salt for 30 seconds. Using the largest holes in a box grater, grate the cold butter onto the flour mixture. Use your fingers to massage the butter into the flour until the mixture resembles cornmeal and holds together when you squeeze it. Pour the dough into the baking pan and press it into an even layer. Bake until just set, 15 to 20 minutes, then remove from the oven (leave the oven on).
For the filling
Ingredients
•2 (14-ounce) cans jellied cranberry sauce
Instructions
Make the filling: Purée the cranberry sauce in a food processor or smash it with a fork in a large bowl until it has a spreadable consistency. Spread in an even layer over the shortbread crust.
For the topping
Ingredients
•1/2 cup granulated sugar
•1/2 cup packed light brown sugar
•2 1/2 cups all-purpose flour
•1/2 teaspoon table salt
•1 cup unsalted butter, melted
•Powdered sugar, for garnish
Instructions
Make the topping: In a large bowl, whisk together the sugars, flour, and salt. Pour the butter over the flour mixture and stir with a spoon. You’ll likely have to switch to using your fingers to ensure that all the ingredients are evenly distributed and the mixture forms large clumps.
Sprinkle the topping evenly over the cranberry filling. (If you like a lot of crumble, use the entire batch; otherwise, you can freeze any remaining crumble for up to a month and sprinkle it on baked apples, muffins, etc.)
Transfer the pan to the oven and bake until the crumble starts to brown, 30 to 40 minutes. Allow to cool completely, then dust with powdered sugar and lift from the pan using the overhanging parchment. Cut into squares, which can be stored in an airtight container for up to a week.

Submitter: 
Jill Sander
Description: 
null
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1:10
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
