URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64729230/ratatouille/
Title:
Ratatouille Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
4 large tomatoes
2 medium eggplants Serve with a warm French baguette.optional
2 yellow zucchinis
2 green squash
For Sauce:
2 tbsp Pompeian Robust Extra Virgin Olive Oil
1 large sweet onion, diced
1 large red bell pepper, diced
4 minced garlic cloves
2 tsp smoked paprika
1 tbsp herbes de provence
Ground black pepper
1 ½ tsp salt
1 tbsp freshy thyme, about 4 sprigs
1 ½ cups crushed tomatoes
1 tsp sugar
2 tbsp Pompeian Organic Balsamic Vinegar
8 to 10 basil leaves, chopped
½ cup heavy cream
For Topping:
2 to 3 tbsp Pompeian Organic Extra Virgin Olive Oil
1 tbsp fresh thyme
½ cup Parmesan cheese

Directions:
Prepare the sauce first. Preheat a large frying pan over medium heat and add a few tablespoons of Pompeian Robust Extra Virgin Olive Oil. Once the olive oil is heated, add the diced pepper and onion. Saute the mixture for 4 to 5 minutes, until the onion is translucent and tender; do not brown. After 2 to 3 minutes, add the minced garlic.
Season the mixture with herbs and spices: smoked paprika, ground black pepper, herbes de provence, thyme and salt. Add the crushed tomatoes, sugar and balsamic vinegar next. Cook the sauce over medium-low heat, simmering for about 5 minutes. Add the chopped basil last, along with the heavy cream. Stir the cream in, then remove from heat.
Preheat the oven to 375F. Next, prepare the vegetables. Use a very sharp knife or a madeline slicer to cut all vegetables the same thickness, about 1/8th of an inch. Once all the vegetables are sliced, layer them alternating all 4 vegetables. Create small stacks for easy assembly.
To assemble the dish, first spread three-quarters of the sauce into the bottom of a large oval or round casserole dish. Arrange the vegetables in the casserole in a ring around the edge, packing them tightly. Start from the outside of the casserole and work your way in. Spoon the remaining sauce in between the vegetables and around the edges.
For the topping, simply combine a few tablespoons of Pompeian Organic Extra Virgin Olive Oil with fresh thyme. Use a pastry brush to brush the oil and thyme over the vegetables. Cover the casserole dish with foil and place into preheated oven. Bake at 375F for 1 hour; 50 minutes covered, then remove the foil, add parmesan cheese and bake for another 10 minutes uncovered. If desired, broil on ‘low’ heat for 5 minutes.cool 15 minutes serve

Submitter: 
dave
Description: 
Ratatouille
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30
Ready in:
130
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
