URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64722816/instant-pot-cuban-style-black-beans/
Title:
Instant Pot® Cuban-Style Black Beans Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/5993321.jpg
Ingredients:
3 slices bacon, chopped
1/2 cup chopped onion
3 tablespoons minced jalapeno
1 tablespoon minced garlic
1 lb dried black beans
3 cups water
3 cups chicken broth/stock
1/4 cup red wine vinegar
1 teaspoon cumin
1 teaspoon oregano
1 packet Goya® Sazon (optional)
1 bay leaf
Salt & pepper, to taste
Fresh lime wedges
Cilantro, chopped

Directions:
Turn on a multi-functional pressure cooker such as an Instant Pot®, and select Saute function.  Add the chopped bacon to the pot and cook until browned.  Add the onion and jalapeño, and cook until tender.  Add the garlic to the pot, and saute for another 30 seconds.
Add the beans, water, chicken broth, red wine vinegar, cumin, oregano, Sazon, and bay leaf to the pot and stir.  Close and lock the lid, select the Manual function, and set timer to 40 minutes, according to manufacturer’s instructions.    Allow 10-15 minutes for the pressure to build.
Release pressure using the natural-release method according to manufacturer’s instructions after 15 minutes.  Unlock and remove the lid, stir, season the beans with salt and pepper to taste, and remove the bay leaf.
Serve beans with a wedge of fresh lime, and garnish with chopped cilantro.
COOK’S NOTE:  Sazon can be found in the Hispanic section of your supermarket, or there’s a recipe for it on this site.  I think it adds extra flavor to the beans, but if you can’t find it, the beans still will be good.  If you find the consistency too soupy, just turn to Saute, and cook the liquid down for a few minutes to your preference.

Submitter: 
lutzflcat
Description: 
Black beans are a staple in Cuban cooking, typically served with either yellow or white rice.  Give them a good squeeze of fresh lime juice, garnish with some chopped cilantro (we also add some chopped onion and a drizzle of olive oil), and you’re in for a treat.  These beans freeze well and reheat beautifully in the microwave.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
1 hr 10 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
