URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64722589/bejeweled-rice-krispies-trees/
Title:
Bejeweled Rice Krispies Trees Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/5981896.jpg
Ingredients:
Rice Krispies Trees:
6 cups Rice Krispies cereal
10 oz bag large marshmallows
3 tbsps unsalted butter
zest and juice from a small orange
1/2 tsp salt
1 tsp ground cinnamon
1/2 tsp cloves
1 tsp vanilla extract
1/3 cup dried cranberries, chopped
1/3 cup dried apricots, chopped
Tree Decorations:
1/2 cup white chocolate
1 tbsp unsalted butter
dried apricots, chopped and/or cut into star shapes (optional)
dried cranberries, chopped

Directions:
1. In a large bowl, mix together Rice Krispies, 1/3 cup dried cranberries, and 1/3 cup dried apricots. Toss gently to combine, and set aside.
2. In a large saucepan over low heat, add butter, orange zest and juice, salt, cinnamon, cloves, and vanilla extract. Cook until butter is melted. Stir to combine. Add in all the marshmallows to the pot at once, and continue to cook over low heat, stirring constantly, until marshmallows have fully melted, about 3-5 minutes.  Working quickly, pour melted marshmallow mixture over the Rice Krispies mixture, and toss to combine--making sure that the Rice Krispies mixture is thoroughly coated with the melted marshmallow mixture.
3. Lightly butter or oil clean hands and a 1/3 cup measure. Scoop out 1/3 cup of the Rice Krispies mixture, and form into a tree shape, making sure to press the mixture firmly together. Flatten the bottom of the Rice Krispie tree, and set aside. Continue making trees, and re-buttering your hands as needed, until all the mixture is used up. Allow trees to cool and harden for about 15-30 minutes.
4. While the trees cool, cut several dried apricots into star shapes, using a sharp paring knife or small cookie cutter. Set the scraps aside for extra decoration. Chop a few dried cranberries for extra decoration as well.
5. In a small heat proof bowl, add white chocolate and butter. Place in microwave and heat until melted, about 30 seconds, stir to combine. Pour melted chocolate into a piping bag or ziploc bag, and cut a small hole in the corner to pipe onto the trees.
6. Pipe white chocolate over the Rice Krispies trees in decorative patterns. Use the melted white chocolate to adhere extra chopped apricots and cranberries as desired. Pipe white chocolate on top of the trees and place apricot stars on top. If white chocolate begins to harden, place bag in the microwave for 10 seconds to reheat--you may have to do that several times while decorating. Allow white chocolate to fully harden on the trees before serving.
Note: You can use whatever kind of citrus juice and zest you like--lime would be another good choice. You can also use royal icing instead of white chocolate to make piping and decorating easier.

Submitter: 
Kim
Description: 
Turn your Rice Krispies treats into festive little trees, that also have a delightful orange and spice flavor! You can add whatever kind of dried fruit you like, or nuts, or even coconut! The possibilities are endless!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1-2 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
15
Nutritional Facts:
NA
