URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64724660/cranberry-orange-shortbread-cookies-with-apricots/
Title:
Cranberry-Orange Shortbread Cookies with Apricots Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/6058035.jpg
Ingredients:
1 3/4 cups all-purpose flour
1/4 tsp baking powder
1/4 tsp salt
1/4 tsp ground nutmeg
1 cup unsalted butter, softened
1/2 cup white sugar
1 tsp vanilla extract
zest from 2 large oranges
1 cup dried cranberries, finely chopped
1/2 cup dried apricots, finely chopped

Directions:
1. Mix together flour, baking powder, salt, and nutmeg. Set aside.
2. In a large bowl, cream butter until fluffy and butter has lightened in color slightly. Add in sugar, and cream on medium-high speed for several more minutes, until light and fluffy. Mix in vanilla and zest.
3. In three separate additions, mix in flour mixture, until just combined; kneading in the last addition with your hands. Knead in cranberries and apricots.
4. Divide dough in half, and roll out into two 1 1/2" wide by 7" long logs. Wrap each log in parchment paper, and place in the fridge until dough is chilled, at least 4 hours.
5. Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Line 2 cookie sheets with parchment paper.
6. Remove dough from fridge, and cut each log into about 16 slices each, about 1/3" thickness. Place slices 1" apart on prepared cookie sheets, and bake for about 20-25 minutes, or until cookies just begin to turn slightly golden on bottom. Cool on pans for 5 minutes before removing to wire racks to cool completely. Store in an airtight container.

Submitter: 
Kim
Description: 
I was searching to make the perfect citrus-y cranberry shortbread cookie, but it always felt like something was missing. So on a final attempt, when I didn't have enough dried cranberries to make a full recipe, I threw in some dried apricots--and bam! That was it! They add the perfect backdrop flavor to these shortbread cookies!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
4 hrs 15 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
32
Nutritional Facts:
NA
