URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64725793/lemon-chicken-rice-soup/
Title:
Lemon Chicken Rice Soup Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/6094217.jpg
Ingredients:
1 Rotisserie Chicken 3-4 lbs.
Low Sodium Chicken Broth Approx. 96 oz. (2-48 oz. containers)
I Large Leek, Tops removed, Cleaned and chopped
3 Stalks Celery Heart chopped
2 Large Carrots, chopped
1 1/4 Cups Uncooked Rice (I prefer one of the Wild, Brown, Red and White Mixes))
4 Large Egg Yolks
1/4 to 1/2 Cup Fresh Lemon Juice, (Approx. 3 Whole Lemons)
1 Bay Leaf
1/2 Teaspoon Sage
1/2 Teaspoon Thyme
Salt and Pepper to Taste

Directions:
Break apart the chicken. Place in either a crock pot or Dutch oven and cover with Chicken Broth. (This will be approximately 1 1/2  cartons of broth). Add bay leaf, thyme, sage, salt and pepper, Leek, and celery to pot. Simmer on low for 2 Hours. (Crock pot setting will be Medium High).  Remove Chicken and drain and cool. Chop chicken when cool enough to handle.  If in a crock pot, pour remaining broth and vegetable mix into a large pot, (Dutch Oven).  Bring to a boil and add rice, drop to low temperature  and let simmer for 10 minutes. Add Carrots to Rice mixture and continue to cook for 15-20 minutes.  Meanwhile, squeeze lemons, you should have somewhere around 1/2 Cup juice.  Whisk eggs until well blended. When rice and carrots are cooked add 1/4 Cup Lemon Juice, taste to see if you need more lemon, adjust to taste. Add Chopped chicken and remaining broth,heat to boiling. Take a large spoon full of Broth and add the hot Broth to the Eggs, whisking as you go. Add another large spoon full, whisk into Egg mixture.  Slowly add the tempered Eggs into the pot. Stir to mix thoroughly.  If desired, garnish with Parsley or even Dill, and serve with Crusty Bread.

Submitter: 
Vanessa C
Description: 
I used to love going to my Greek friend's home and enjoying a savory bowl of her Mother's Chicken Rice Soup on a cool Saturday afternoon. This as near as I can remember. It is also lighter in Sodium than many other recipes.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 minues
Ready in:
3 h
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
