URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64728189/lobster-ravioli/
Title:
Lobster Ravioli Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
FILLING
2 1 1/2 pound lobsters (Boiled or steamed, cleaned, shucked and diced)
4 cups hand dipped ricotta cheese
Zest and juice of one Lemon
1/4 cup Parmigiano Reggiano cheese, grated
1 egg
Salt and pepper to taste
EGG WASH
1 whole egg
2 tablespoons whole milk
Whisk together and put aside until you start to assemble the ravioli.
DOUGH
2 cups flour
3 eggs
2 tablespoons water
1 tablespoon Extra Virgin Olive Oil
SAUCE
2 sticks unsalted butter
1/4 cup pasta water
Juice of 1 lemon
1/4 to 1/2 cup diced lobster

Directions:
TO MAKE THE FILLING:
Place all ingredients in a bowl and mix well with a spatula. Cover with plastic wrap and place in the refrigerator until the ravioli are read to be assembled.
TO MAKE THE DOUGH:
Place 2 cups of flour on a board and create a well. Add the eggs, water, salt and olive oil into the well. Using a fork or your fingers, slowly incorporate the flour into the wet ingredients. You may not need all the flour; use only enough to make a soft, but firm, ball.
When the ingredients are fully incorporated, start kneading the dough with your hands to make a smooth ball. . Cover and let rest for 45 minutes.
ASSEMBLY
Lightly flour your work surface and start rolling out the dough to begin the thinning process. Cut the circle in half and stretch it with your hands to about 4 inches wide. Using a pasta machine set on the highest number, run the dough through producing a longer sheet. Keep running the dough through until you reach 1/8 inch thickness.
Lay the long sheet of pasta on your work surface and lightly brush the egg wash over the front half of the sheet. Place a generous tablespoon of the lobster filling on the strip of pasta, leaving a 1-inch border all around the filling. You should be able to form 8 or 9 ravioli on the sheet.
Carefully bring up the top half of the dough over to the edge nearest you to enclose the lobster filling. Seal the edges firmly. Then use a ravioli cutter to trim the ravioli into uniform shapes.
Meanwhile make the sauce. Put the butter in a saucepan and melt it. Add the reserved pasta water and let the mixture thicken for several minutes. Add the lemon juice and the diced lobster.
Bring a pot of salted water to a boil and gently add the ravioli. Cook for 3 to 4 minutes. Save 1/4 cup of the pasta water to add to the butter sauce. As the ravioli are cooked, gently remove them from the water with a slotted spoon and add them to a warm serving bowl. Gently pour the butter sauce over the ravioli. Garnish with minced parsley and a whole lobster tail.
This recipe is featured on show 2712 – Catch of the Day.

Submitter: 
dave
Description: 
Lobster Ravioli
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1
Ready in:
2
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
NA
