URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64720686/vegan-banh-mi/
Title:
Vegan Banh Mi Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/5911032.jpg
Ingredients:
For the marinade:
1/2 cup vegan Worcestershire sauce
1/2 cup tamari soy sauce
1/2 cup water
1 tbsp fermented black bean paste
1 tbsp shallot, minced
1 shitake mushroom
1 garlic clove, crushed
1 strip seaweed, (nori, kombu, or wakame)
125g tempeh, cut into 1” slices
100g vegan French-style baguette
1 tbsp olive oil
30g pickled carrot and daikon
30g cucumber, sliced
3 g fresh cilantro, chopped
1 small jalapeno, sliced
For the Sriracha mayo:
1/4 cup vegan mayo
1 tsp Sriracha, or more to taste

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 350°F. Prepare a baking sheet with parchment paper.
In a saucepan, warm the Worcestershire sauce, tamari soy sauce, water, fermented black bean paste, shallot, shiitake mushroom, garlic clove, and strip seaweed. Allow to cool. Drain and discard the solids.
Pour 1/3 cup sauce over the tempeh slices and allow to rest for twenty minutes, turning over at 10 minutes.
Take one tsp of the marinade and add it to the vegan mayo and Sriracha. Whisk and put into the refrigerator.
Meanwhile, cut the baguette into bite-sized cubes. Arrange on the prepared baking sheet and drizzle with 1 tbsp olive oil. Toss, arrange in a single layer and bake for 15 minutes. Turn the bread cubes and cook until browned, about 8 minutes more.
Put the bread cubes into a bowl. Put the marinated tempeh on the baking sheet. Reserve the liquid. Bake for 10 minutes, basting with some of the reserved marinade at 5 minutes. Flip and bake for another 10 minutes, basting with the remaining marinade at 5 minutes.
Cut the tempeh into cubes. Arrange the bread cubes, tempeh, pickled vegetables, cucumber, fresh jalapeno, and cilantro. Top with Sriracha mayo and serve.
Notes/Footnotes: You won’t need all the sauce. It is my version of a vegan fish sauce. Refrigerate any leftover sauce for other recipes that call for fish sauce or oyster sauce.
I use tamari soy sauce to keep this gluten free. Use regular soy sauce if preferred.

Submitter: 
Buckwheat Queen
Description: 
Your favorite Vietnamese sandwich has gone vegan, then it gets served in a bowl. Classic ingredients are replaced with vegan alternatives and you get to eat it with a fork.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
1
Nutritional Facts:
NA
