URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64726270/pork-cutlets-in-a-chantrelle-cream-sauce-with-dill-potatoes/
Title:
Pork Cutlets in a Chantrelle Cream Sauce with Dill Potatoes Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1/4 cup canola oil, plus more as needed
1 cup flour
5 eggs
10 3–4-oz. pork cutlets pounded to 1/4?-thick
Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste
2 tbsp. unsalted butter
1 small yellow onion, minced
4 cups roughly chopped chanterelle mushrooms
1 cup heavy cream
1 tbsp. fresh lemon juice
2 tbsp. chopped fresh parsley
DILL POTATOES:
Kosher salt, to taste
2 lb. small Yukon Gold or new potatoes, unpeeled
1/3 cup sour cream
¼ cup. minced fresh dill
¼ c. unsalted butter
Freshly ground black pepper, to taste

Directions:
Heat oil in a 12? skillet over medium-high heat.
Place flour in a medium bowl, and whisk together eggs and 1/4 cup water in another medium bowl; set both aside.
Season cutlets with salt and pepper, then dredge 3 cutlets in flour.
Dip in egg mixture until evenly coated, then place in skillet; cook, turning once, until golden brown and cooked through about 5 minutes.
Transfer to serving platter and repeat with remaining cutlets, adding more oil to the pan as needed.
Add butter to skillet, then onion; cook, stirring often, until soft, about 2 minutes.
Add mushrooms, season with salt and pepper, and cook, stirring often until they release their liquid and begin to caramelize about 3 minutes.
Add cream and cook, stirring, until slightly reduced, about 2 minutes.
Stir in lemon juice, and season with salt and pepper.
To serve, pour sauce over cutlets, and sprinkle with parsley.
DILL POTATOES:
Bring an 8-qt. saucepan of salted water to a boil.
Add potatoes and cook until tender, about 15 minutes.
Drain potatoes and return to pot with sour cream, dill, butter, salt, and pepper.
Cover pan with a lid and shake until potatoes are well coated.
Transfer to large serving bowl, and season with additional salt and pepper.

Submitter: 
Mrs. Kedney'
Description: 
A thin slice of pork with sauce and potatoes.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
13 min
Ready in:
50 min
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
