URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64728421/instant-pot-shrimp-and-chicken-jambalaya/
Title:
Instant Pot Shrimp and Chicken Jambalaya Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/6177699.jpg
Ingredients:
2 tablespoons olive oil, divided
14 oz. andouille sausage, sliced
1 medium onion, chopped
2 cloves garlic, crushed
1 lb. boneless skinless chicken breast, cubed
1 green bell pepper, chopped
2 celery stalks, chopped
1 28 oz. can diced tomatoes, undrained
1 tablespoon dried parsley flakes
1/2 teaspoon dried thyme
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon seasoning salt
1/4 teaspoon pepper
1/4 teaspoon Tabasco sauce
1 lb. uncooked, peeled, deveined shrimp
Chopped green onions (garnish)

Directions:
Set Instant Pot to Sauté mode and heat one tablespoon of the oil in the pot. Add sausage and sauté for 3-4 minutes until browned on both sides. Remove sausage from pot and set aside.
Add remaining tablespoon of oil to the pot. Sauté onion and garlic in the oil for one minute, stirring constantly.
Add chicken, bell pepper, and celery to the pot, and sauté until chicken starts to brown on the edges, about 2-3 minutes.
Add the browned sausage and all remaining ingredients, except green onions, to the pot and stir well. Turn off the Sauté function.
Close the Instant Pot lid and seal, ensuring the venting pin is set to Sealing (not Venting). Set the Instant Pot to Press Cook mode and set to High pressure for 7 minutes.
After coming to pressure and cooking for 7 minutes, use the quick release method to release the pressure from the Instant Pot. Carefully remove the lid after the pressure has released completely.
Serve jambalaya over white rice and garnish with chopped green onions.

Submitter: 
fabeveryday
Description: 
This easy jambalaya is made all in one pot! Heat lovers can double the Tabasco sauce to give it an extra kick.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
