URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64721862/susans-real-deal-argintinian-beef-empanadas/
Title:
Susan's Real Deal Argintinian Beef Empanadas Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 TBSP Achiote Paste (Annato)
1 1/2 TBSP Beef Broth
4 TBSP Butter, unsalted
2 TBSP Olive Oil (for browning meat)
1 lb. Ground Beef (85/15)
1/2 Bell Pepper, finely chopped
1/2 Yellow Onion, finely chopped
2 Cloves Garlic, minced
1 tsp salt
1/2 tsp pepper
1/2 tsp Tony Chachere's Creole Seasoning
1/2 tsp cumin
1 tsp oregano
1 tsp paprika
1 tsp sugar
1/4 cup Beef Broth
1/2 tsp Sriracha HOT Chili Sauce (optional)
GOYA Tapas para Empanadas (aka Puff pastry dough for turnovers)
1 egg, beaten (to be used as sealer)
4-5 cups peanut oil (or canola oil if you don't have peanut oil)

Directions:
Combine 1 1/2 TBSP beef broth (or water) and achiote paste by mashing and stirring with fork.  Let it sit and mix occasionally until smooth.
Remove empanada dough rounds from freezer and set aside.  You can put in the refrigerator the night before to speed up thawing the next day.
Melt butter with olive oil in skillet.  Add ground beef and begin to cook on meduim-high.  About half way or more though cooking, add bell pepper, onion and garlic.  Continue cooking until ground beef is no longer pink. Remove from heat.
Add spices, sugar, beef broth, and Sriracha (if using).  Let cool to room temperature, then place in refrigerator for 10-15 minutes.  (Alternatively, you can place skillet with ground beef mixture in a larger skillet or cookie sheet that has a layer of ice cubes in the bottom.  This will cool the meat and solidify the fats more quickly.)
While waiting for the meat to "firm up", remove empanada dough rounds and lay out in a single layer on wax or parchment paper.  If ones in the center are still frozen, wait a few more minutes for them to thaw.  Keep covered with plastic wrap so dough doesn't dry out.
When meat has cooled to room temperature, put in freezer for about 15 minutes.
While waiting for meat to "firm up" in the freezer, separate empanada dough rounds and lay out in a single layer on parchment (or wax paper).  If ones in the center are still frozen, wait a few more minutes for them to thaw.  Keep covered with plastic wrap so dough doesn't dry out.
Remove cooled meat from refrigerator and stir well, scraping bottom.  Place about 1 1/2 Tablespoons of meat mixture onto an empanada dough round.  Brush a small amount of egg wash (beaten egg with a splash of water) half way around on the flat edge of dough, and fold over into a half-moon shape, pulling underside of dough up over folded curved edge of empanada, pressing/sealing edges as you go. Then roll edges over again into a rope-shaped edge.  (You can use a fork instead to gently seal edges if you find it easier.)  Repeat with remaining dough and meat mixture.
Heat oil to 350° in 3-qt. saucepan.  You should have a depth of about 1 1/2 to 2 inches of oil.  Fry 3 empanadas at a time, turning them in the oil as you go until both sides are lightly browned.  When lightly browned (about 3 minutes), remove to layered paper towels.
Let rest for 5 minutes and serve warm.
***You can use 1/8 cup Susan's Homemade BEEF EMPANADA SEASONING in place of spices and sugar (per lb. of ground beef).
***If you prefer, you can bake empanadas at 400° for 10-12 minutes. Just brush with the tops with egg wash right before baking.

Submitter: 
SusieQ
Description: 
They're emapandas.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
40 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
