URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64726277/baklava/
Title:
Baklava Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 Tbsp. butter
1 (16 ounce) package phyllo dough
3 cups chopped nuts (Assortment pecans, walnuts & almonds)
1 cup butter (2 sticks), melted
1 teaspoon ground cinnamon
SYRUP:
1 cup water
1 cup white sugar
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
1/2 cup honey
1 small piece of lemon rind

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.  Butter the bottoms and sides of a 9x13 inch pan with approximately 1 Tbsp. of butter.
Using a small food processor finely chop nuts, working in several small batches until all have been chopped.  Toss chopped nuts with cinnamon. Set aside.
In a medium saucepan, melt butter on high heat, bringing butter to a boil and cooking until clarified. Slowly reduce heat. Place butter in a bowl and allow to cool for several minutes.
Remove phyllo dough from the freezer and thaw in the microwave for 60 seconds. Unroll phyllo dough. Cut whole stack in half to fit pan. Cover phyllo with a dampened (jnot wet!!) cloth to keep from drying out as you work. Place two sheets of dough in pan, butter thoroughly. Repeat until you have 10 sheets layered.
1. Sprinkle 1/4) of nut mixture (about 3/4 cup) on top of Phyllo dough. 2. Top with four sheets of dough, two sheets at a time, buttering as you go.  Repeat step 1 & 2 once more.
Sprinkle with remaining ¼ of nut mixture, layer top of baklava with 8 sheets of dough, layered  2 sheets at a time, buttering as you go.
Using a sharp knife, cut into square shapes all the way to the bottom of the pan. Bake for about 50 minutes until baklava is golden and crisp. (Convection oven - bake for 35 min). Place pan on a cooling rack. Pour honey sauce evenly over pan of Baklava. Allow to cool for at least 5 hours. Cover and store at room temperature overnight.

Submitter: 
Mrs. Kedney'
Description: 
Traditional Baklava from Greece!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
25 mins
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
18
Nutritional Facts:
NA
