URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64728039/instant-pot-cheesecake/
Title:
Instant Pot Cheesecake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Crust:
1 1/4 cups graham crackers crumbs
1/2 cup walnuts
1 tablespoon brown sugar
1 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1 teaspoon ground nutmeg
5 tablespoons unsalted butter melted
Batter:
2 8-ounce packages cream cheese, at room temperature
1/2 cup white granulated sugar
1 tablespoon cornstarch
3 large eggs at room temperature
1/2 cup heavy cream at room temperature
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
1/2 teaspoon almond extract

Directions:
Cheesecake Crust:
Lightly coat a 7x3-inch springform pan with nonstick spray and set aside.
Finely chop the walnuts or add them to a food processor.
Add all the graham crackers crumbs, ground walnuts, cinnamon, nutmeg, brown sugar and melted butter to a large bowl and stir until well combined.
Press the mixture into the prepared springform pan. Using a measuring cup, press the crust and try to line the sides about to the middle of the pan edges.
Refrigerate for at least 20 minutes.
Cheesecake Batter:
Make sure all the ingredients are at room temperature before you begin.
In the bowl of a stand mixer or in a large bowl using a hand mixer, beat the cream cheese until light and fluffy on medium-low speed.
Add the sugar and cornstarch and continue beating until well combined and creamy. Scrape the sides and bottom of the bowl.
Add the eggs one at a time and beat after each addition until well combined.
Add heavy cream, vanilla extract and almond extract. Beat well, stopping to scrape the sides and bottom of the bowl.
Remove crust from freezer and pour cheesecake batter mixture into the prepared pan.
Cook:
Place metal trivet into a 6-qt Instant Pot and add 1 1/2 cups water.
Gently transfer the cheesecake pan on top of the trivet. Cover the top with foil.
Select manual setting and adjust pressure to high. Set time to 30 minutes. You can do 35 minutes for a denser cheesecake.
When finished cooking and the Instant Pot beeps, release pressure naturally for about 20-30 minutes.
Carefully open the pot and transfer cheesecake to a cooling rack. Let it cool for 1 hour, after which run a paring knife around the edges.
Transfer cheesecake to the refrigerator for at least 6 hours or overnight.

Submitter: 
sharker
Description: 
quick and easy yummy cheesecake in the instant pot
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
