URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64723330/black-duck/
Title:
Black Duck Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 tablespoon kosher salt
2 cloves garlic, minced
2 teaspoons finely grated orange zest
1 1/4 teaspoon coriander seeds, lightly toasted
1 1/4 teaspoon Chinese five-spice powder
1/2 teaspoon freshly ground white pepper
1 Pekin (Long Island) duck (5 to 6 pounds), giblets removed (see Notes)
3 tablespoons hoisin sauce
2 tablespoons orange liqueur, such as Grand Marnier or Triple Sec (or you can substitute orange juice)
1 tablespoon honey
1 teaspoon toasted sesame oil
5 whole start annaise

Directions:
1) Trim and season the duck: In a mortar or spice grinder, grind the salt, garlic, zest, coriander seeds, five-spice powder, and pepper into a coarse paste.
2) Make 20 to 30 small slits in the duck skin, using a sharp paring knife held parallel to the surface so that you pierce the skin and fat without cutting into the meat. Be sure to make slits on the back and thighs as well as the breast. Rub about two thirds of the spice mixture into the duck cavity and then rub what remains all over the skin. Set the duck on a rack set over a baking sheet and allow to air-dry in the refrigerator for at least 24 hours and up to 48 hours.
3) Heat the oven: Position a rack in the center of the oven and heat to 325 degrees F (300 degrees F convection). Let the duck sit at room temperature as the oven heats.
4) Roast the duck: Arrange the duck breast down on a roasting rack in a roasting pan (about 12 by 14 inches) and roast for 1¼ hours. Remove the pan from the oven and spoon or pour off most of the fat. (A turkey baster can make this job easier.) Using sturdy tongs inserted in the duck’s cavity, flip the duck over. Pierce the skin again all over the breast and legs with a knife. Return the duck to the oven to continue roasting until the meat around the thighs feels tender when prodded (a skewer should penetrate the thigh with no resistance), the legs feel loose in their joints, and an instantread thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the thigh (without touching bone) registers 175 degrees F, another 1 to 1¼ hours. (You can roast the duck a day ahead to this point; see Notes)
5) Glaze and blast the duck: Remove the duck from the oven and increase the oven temperature, preferably to 500 degrees F convection, if you have it, or to 525 degrees F standard. In a small bowl, whisk together the hoisin sauce, orange liqueur, honey, and sesame oil. Carefully transfer the duck (on the roasting rack) to a rimmed baking sheet. Paint the breast and legs with about half the glaze and return the duck to the hot oven. Paint again after 5 minutes, and continue roasting until crispy and mahogany-colored, about 3 minutes in a convection oven, 5 minutes in a standard oven.
6) Let rest and carve: Transfer the duck to a carving board, ideally one with a trough, and let it rest for 5 to 10 minutes before carving. Carving a duck is much like carving a small version of a goose, so you can refer to the directions in Notes. Be sure each person gets both breast meat and a thigh or leg.
Notes: One can cook this in a rotisserie oven (and I have) and I find the results to be the best and there is no fussing with the bird during the cooking process, also don't be afraid to slather the Hoisin mixture all on the bird from the beginning of the process. The first time I made it, I waite

Submitter: 
ChiGuyBry
Description: 
The is a variation on Hoisin Roast Duck that I prefer to Peking Duck- best done in Rotisserie.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
24 hrs
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
