URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64724665/vegan-spicy-teriyaki-tofu/
Title:
Vegan Spicy Teriyaki Tofu Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/6058147.jpg
Ingredients:
1/4 block Firm Tofu
2 tb minced garlic
1 button mushroom
4 tb minced white onion
2 tb sesame oil
2 tb coconut oil
1/8 cup shoyu  (soy sauce)
2 tb spicy/sweet chili sauce
3 tb garlic teriyaki sauce
1 tb minced ginger
1/2 tb lemon juice
1/8 cup chopped green onion
***Spices are to taste***
White pepper
Onion powder
Cayenne pepper (optional)
Black pepper
Lemon pepper
Adobo
Paprika

Directions:
1. Cut a 1/4 portion off of firm, pressed tofu. If the tofu is not pressed, make sure to do so, as this allows the tofu to soak in more flavor.
2. Dice up the white onion and slice the button tomato and set them aside.
3. Bring a medium non-stick pan to med heat and add the sesame oil.
4. Season the tofu with the onion powder, adobo, cayenne pepper, lemon pepper, lemon juice, white pepper, ginger and paprika. Remember that the spices are set to your taste, and that is why there are no measurements for this recipe. Mix the seasonings with the tofu and set aside.
5. Check if the pan is warm enough bu placing your hand 4" above the center of the pan. If you feel the heat, the pan is warm enough to add the tofu.
6. Add the tofu, soy sauce and teriyaki sauce to the pan and stir around for a few seconds. After stirring, leave the tofu sitting in the pan for 2 minutes at a time for 6 minutes, then mix the tofu by shaking the pan to flip the pieces (like you would flip a pancake without a spatula in a pan.)
7. Once the tofu has a crispy exterior, add 1 tb coconut oil and more shoyu to the pan. Mix and push the tofu to one side of the pan to make room for the veggies. Put 1 tb of coconut oil into the pan, add the mushroom and yellow onion and begin to saute until onions have a light golden brown color.
8. Mix the veggies in with the tofu and add the spicy chili sauce to the pan. Mix for a few seconds then mix every 2 minutes for 10 minutes.
8. Remove the tofu from heat and chop the green onion.  Make sure that when you add the green onion, you don't add it until the tofu has cooled down a bit to the pieces don't melt.
9. Add the green onion and serve with rice of choice.

Submitter: 
Ashlynn Stowell
Description: 
This is a vegan dish that is simple to make, easy and will make you meat-eating friends fall in love!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
40 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
1
Nutritional Facts:
NA
