URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64721752/quince-compote/
Title:
Quince Compote Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/5950569.jpg
Ingredients:
2 pounds quince
1/2 lemon
3 cups water
1/4 cup cane sugar
1/3 cup agave
1/2 stick cinnamon
1 black cardamom pod (optional)

Directions:
Rinse the quince under running water to remove the fuzzy layer. Squeeze the lemon into a large bowl. Fill with water halfway.
Cut the quince into quarters. Working with one quarter at a time, peel, core, and dice the fruit. As you dice the quince, put the cubes into the lemon water to keep the fruit from browning.
In a medium saucepan, bring 3 cups of fresh water (not the lemon water for soaking), cane sugar, agave syrup, cinnamon stick, and cardamom pod to a boil. Add the drained quince to the saucepan and reduce the heat to medium high. Boil on a low boil for 20 minutes.
Reduce the heat to medium-low. Put the lid on with a wooden spoon underneath to keep it slightly ajar. This will allow some steam to escape without it drying out. Simmer like this for about 25 minutes. The compote is ready when the fruit has turned a red blush color, it’s tender to a fork, and the syrup has reduced by three-fourths. The objective is to have softened fruit with a thickened syrup at the end. The syrup will thicken upon cooling.
Serve warm for a light dessert or as a complement to white meat.
Notes/Footnotes: This recipe is for 1.5 pounds clean and diced quince. Two pounds of whole fruit once cleaned, peeled, and cored, roughly equals this amount.
Do not discard the syrup. Use it in other recipes or add some to cold, sparkling water for a refreshing drink.  It is also quite delicious mixed with prosecco wine.
For a wonderful addition to your apple pie filling, thanks to its beautiful pink color and firmness, slice the fruit instead of dicing it.

Submitter: 
Buckwheat Queen
Description: 
Not quite a pear and not really an apple, quince is a pome fruit that, once cooked, tastes like a cross between the two, but quince stays firm. Once cooked, it takes on a beautiful red blush color and maintains a firm texture. This vegan and gluten free recipe gives a simple formula for compote. It can be eaten as a dessert on its own or added to oatmeal or breakfast quinoa.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
