URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64728326/mommy-lasagna/
Title:
Mommy Lasagna Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1/2 box Lasagna Noodles
1 cup Chopped Onion
2 Garlic Cloves
1 1/2 lbs Sweet Italian Sausage (removed from casings)
2 tablespoons Extra Virgin Olive Oil
1 28 oz can Crushed Italian Tomatoes
1 6 oz can Tomato Paste
1/4 cup Fresh Oregano
1/2 cup Fresh Basil (chopped)
2 teaspoons Sea Salt
3/4 teaspoons Pepper
1 lb Whole Milk Ricotta Cheese
1 cup Parmesan Cheese (freshly grated)
1 extra large Egg
1/4 cup Chopped Parsley
1 lb Whole Milk Mozzarella Cheese - Sliced or shredded
1/4 cup Parmesan Cheese (freshly grated for garnish)

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F and position the oven rack in the middle.
To make the meat sauce, heat the olive oil in a large saucepan.
Add the onion and cook over medium-low heat until translucent (about 5 minutes).
Add the garlic and stir for one more minute.
Then add the sausage and cook over medium-low heat, breaking it up with a wooden spoon, for 10 to 15 minutes, or until fully cooked and no longer pink.
Add the crushed tomatoes, marinara sauce, tomato paste, oregano, basil, sea salt, and freshly ground black pepper. Simmer uncovered over medium-low heat for 20 minutes.
Soak lasagna noodles in hot tap water.
While the sauce is simmering, make the cheese filling. In a large bowl, combine the ricotta, 1 cup of Parmesan, the beaten egg, chopped parsley, sea salt, and freshly ground black pepper. Set aside.
Ladle one third of the meat sauce into a 9”x 12”x 2” casserole or baking pan. Spread the sauce over the bottom of the dish.
Then add approximately half the pasta (in one layer, cover the sauce with the noodles), half the sliced mozzarella, half the cheese mixture, and one third of the sauce.
Add another single layer of noodles, mozzarella, ricotta, and the remaining sauce.
Sprinkle with the remaining 1/2 cup of Parmesan.
Bake uncovered for 35 minutes, or until the sauce is bubbling.

Submitter: 
Kenya Williams
Description: 
Authentic Italian Lasagna
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
