URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64721861/susans-argintinian-beef-empanadas/
Title:
Susan's Argintinian Beef Empanadas Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 TBSP Achiote Paste (Annato)
1 TBSP Olive Oil
1 lb. Ground Beef (85/15)
4 TBSP Butter, unsalted
1/2 Bell Pepper, finely chopped
1/2 Yellow Onion, finely chopped
2 Cloves Garlic, minced
1/4 tsp salt
1/4 tsp pepper
1 tsp cumin
1 tsp oregano
1 tsp paprika
1 tsp sugar
1/4 cup Chicken Broth
1/2 tsp Sriracha HOT Chili Sauce (optional, but recommended)
GOYA Tapas para Empanadas (aka Puff pastry dough for turnovers)
1 egg, beaten (to be used as sealer)
4-5 cups peanut oil (or canola oil if you don't have peanut oil)

Directions:
Combine olive oil and achiote paste by mashing with fork.  Let it sit for at least 2 hours and mix again.
Remove empanada dough rounds from freezer and set aside.
Melt butter in pan.  Add ground beef, bell pepper, onion and garlic.  Cook on medium-high until ground beef is no longer pink.
Add spices, sugar, chicken broth and Sriracha (if using).  Lower heat to medium and cook just until beef mixture begins boiling.  Turn off heat and transfer to a bowl to cool for about 15 minutes.
Remove empanada wrappers and
When meat has cooled to room temperature, put in freezer for about 15 minutes.
While waiting for meat to "firm up" in the freezer, separate empanada dough rounds and lay out in a single layer on parchment (or wax paper).  If ones in the center are still frozen, wait a few more minutes for them to thaw.  Keep covered with plastic wrap so dough doesn't dry out.
Remove partially frozen meat from freezer and stir well.  Place about 1 1/2 Tablespoons of meat mixture onto an empanada dough round.  Brush a small amount of egg half way around on the edge of dough, and fold over pulling underside of dough up over folded empanada, pressing/sealing edges as you go.  You can also use a fork to gently seal edges if you find it easier.  Repeat with remaining dough and meat mixture.
Heat oil to 350 degrees in 3-qt. saucepan.  You should have a depth of about 1 1/2 to 2 inches of oil.  Fry 3 empanadas at a time, turning them in the oil as you go so both sides cook.  When lightly browned (about 3 minutes), remove to layered paper towels.
Let rest for 5 minutes and serve warm.

Submitter: 
SusieQ
Description: 
They're emapandas.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
40 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
