URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64728406/apple-smoked-herbed-prime-rib---reverse-sear/
Title:
Apple Smoked Herbed Prime Rib - Reverse Sear Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Prime Rib (5.5 lbs)
Applewood Pellets
Injection:
2 Cups Apple Juice
1/4 Cup Beef Seasoning
Rub:
5 Cloves Garlic Roughly Chopped
3 Tbls Kosher Salt
2 Tbls Fresh Thyme Leaves
3 Tbls Fresh Rosemary Leaves
3 Tbls Fresh Flat-Leaf Parsley
2 Tbls Course Tri-Color Pepper
3 Tsp Dijon or Course Ground Mustard
1/4 Cup Olive Oil

Directions:
Take the Prime Rib out of the refrigerator at least 1 hour before cooking, but the longer the better, to bring up to room temp.
Combine Injection Ingredients and whisk together. Using a meat injector, inject a majority of the juice mixture into the prime rib in a grid-like manner.
Combine all rub ingredients in a blender or food processor and blend until combined but still slightly chunky.
Pour rub mixture over the prime rib, rubbing it into the top and sides. Place the Prime Rib on a rack in a roasting pan. Pour the remaining juice mixture in the bottom of the pan, do not pour over the prime rib if you've already coated it in the rub mixture.
When ready to cook, Bring the Smoker (with Applewood pellets) up to 200-225F and allow to preheat for 10-15 minutes.
Place the Prime Rib (in the roasting pan on the rack) on the smoker, uncovered). Cook until a meat thermometer reaches about 15-20 degrees below your ultimate desired doneness.
Remove from the smoker and tent with foil. Bring the smoker up to 450F and allow to preheat a few minutes at that temperature.
Return the prime rib, uncovered and still in the roasting pan, to the smoker to sear for about 30 minutes, or until the prime rib is within 5-10 degrees of your desired doneness. (It will continue to cook while resting)
Once the Prime Rib is within 5-10 of your desired temp, remove from the smoker and tent with foil for at least 10 minutes.
After resting, remove to a cutting board, slice to about 1/2" to 3/4" thick pieces. Serve with an Au Ju and/or horseradish.

Submitter: 
Mason Longnecker
Description: 
Delicious smoked Prime Rib that's perfect for the Holidays!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
