URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64726805/roast-corn-soup/
Title:
Roast Corn Soup Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/6127558.jpg
Ingredients:
32 oz. Chicken Broth
Two Ears of Corn (on the cob)
A handful of Baby Carrots
One Small Bunch Broccoli
Two Small Leeks, chopped
One Pot of Water
2 Tbsp Butter
3 Tbsp Tarragon
Enough Olive Oil to cover the corn
1 tsp Marjoram
1 Cup Heavy Cream
Shredded Swiss Cheese for garnish
Salt and Pepper to taste

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 400°F.
Remove the husks from the two ears of corn, cover them in olive oil and dried marjoram, wrap them in aluminum foil (shiny side in), and roast them in the oven for 20 minutes.
Pour water about an inch deep into a small pot, and put a steamer in the pot for later.
Rinse and chop the leeks into pieces, and sauté them in butter in a large pot until they start to turn golden. Add chopped fresh or dried tarragon as they are cooking.
In the meantime, chop baby carrots and broccoli into small pieces (bite-sized), and put them in the steamer and leave them until the broccoli is bright green.
Once the leeks are cooked, add chicken broth to the pot and heat through. Once it starts to bubble, turn the heat off and add the mixture to a food processor. Run it until the mixture is (mostly) consistent, then put it back in the pot, add cream, and heat through.
Add steamed broccoli and carrots. Once the corn is done, remove it from the oven, allow it to cool, then remove the kernels from the cob by holding the corn vertically and sliding a knife down each side. Add the corn kernels to the soup.
Keep it warm until it is ready to serve – serve with a small amount of grated Swiss cheese and salt and pepper to taste.

Submitter: 
Chef AidF
Description: 
This was a lot of fun to make. It's a thin but hearty autumnal soup that’s perfect for the autumnal equinox.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
40 m
Number of servings: 
5
Nutritional Facts:
NA
