URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64723281/vegan-cheddar-jalapeno-biscuits/
Title:
vegan cheddar jalapeño biscuits Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/6010135.jpg
Ingredients:
1 cup unsweetened PLAIN almond milk
1 Tbsp fresh lemon juice
2 scant cups unbleached all-purpose flour
3 Tbsp nutritional yeast
1 Tbsp baking powder
1/2 tsp baking soda
3/4 tsp sea salt
4 Tbsp non-dairy, unsalted butter (I use Earth Balance // or sub coconut oil)
1/4 cup jalapeño (seeds removed // finely diced)

Directions:
Preheat oven to 450 degrees F (232 C).
Add lemon or vinegar to almond milk to activate/curdle.
Mix dry ingredients together in a large bowl.
Add cold butter and use fingers or a pastry cutter to combine the two until only small pieces remain and it looks like sand. Work quickly so the butter doesn’t get too warm. Then add jalapeños and toss.
Make a well in the dry ingredients and, using a wooden spoon, stir gently while pouring in the almond milk mixture 1/4 cup at a time. You may not need all of it. Stir until just slightly combined – it will be sticky.
Turn onto a lightly floured surface, dust the top with a bit of flour and then very gently turn the dough over on itself 5-6 times – hardly kneading.
Form into a 1-inch thick disc, handling as little as possible.
Use a 1-inch thick dough cutter or a similar-shape object with sharp edges (such as a cocktail shaker or drinking glass) and push straight down through the dough, then slightly twist.
Repeat and place biscuits on a baking sheet in two rows, making sure they just touch – this will help them rise uniformly.
Gently reform the dough and cut out one or two more biscuits or until all of the dough is used– you should have 8-10 (as original recipe is written), depending on the size of your cutter.
Next brush the tops with a bit more of melted non-dairy butter and gently press a small divot in the center using two fingers. This will also help them rise evenly, so the middle won’t form a dome.
Bake for 10-15 minutes or until fluffy and slightly golden brown. Serve immediately. Let remaining biscuits cool completely before storing them in an airtight container or bag. Will keep for a couple of days at room temperature.

Submitter: 
atp
Description: 
Simple, 1-bowl vegan cheddar jalapeño biscuits. Fluffy, soft, buttery, and so “cheesy,” with the perfect hint of spice.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
