URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64729646/chimichurri-chicken-wraps/
Title:
Chimichurri Chicken Wraps Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/6205698.jpg
Ingredients:
for chimichurri sauce:
1 bunch parsley
2 oz (1/2 tube) cilantro paste
1/2 cup olive oil
1/3 cup red wine vinegar
3 cloves garlic
juice of 1 lemon wedge
1 tsp red pepper flakes
1 tsp salt, or to taste
For chicken:
2 lbs chicken tenderloins
1 tbsp Adobo
1 tbsp s&p;, or to taste
For veggies:
1/2 yellow onion
1 green, yellow, and red bell pepper
1.5 tbsp olive oil
s&p; to taste
For wraps:
Spinach tortillas (4)
2 Avocados (optional)

Directions:
Preheat oven to 420
In a food processor, combine parsley, cilantro paste, lemon juice, olive oil, red wine vinegar, garlic, red pepper flakes, and salt. Mix until smooth and place in fridge until chicken is ready.
Rub Adobo and s&p on both sides of tenderloins. Cook for 25 minutes or as desired (note: I like my chicken pretty well done, so feel free to reduce baking temperature or cooking time to suit your preferences).
When chicken is almost finished baking, slice onion and peppers. Heat sautée pan over medium low heat. Coat pan with olive oil and add veggies. Sprinkle with s&p as desired. Cover, stirring occasionally, until veggies are tender (about 5 minutes). Remove from heat.
Remove chicken from oven and let sit a few minutes to cool. Slice avocado (optional) and remove chimichurri sauce from fridge. When chicken has cooled, chop/shred chicken and mix with chimichurri. Place on spinach tortillas and top with veggies and avocado. Form wrap, slice in half, and enjoy!
I served mine with the "Mexican Rice III" recipe from this site, and they complemented each other well!

Submitter: 
Trish
Description: 
I created this recipe after making too much chimichurri sauce (again) for a baked chicken dinner. I used what I had on hand, and it turned out to be a favorite for me and my partner! It's super healthy and can be a great lunch to take to work the next day!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10 min
Ready in:
40 min
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
