URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64725785/spiced-eggnog-poke-cake/
Title:
Spiced Eggnog Poke Cake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/6093991.jpg
Ingredients:
Cake:
2 cups all-purpose flour
1 tsp baking soda
1 tsp baking powder
1/2 tsp salt
1 1/2 tsp ground nutmeg
1/2 tsp ground cinnamon
1/4 tsp cloves
1/2 cup unsalted butter, softened
1 cup sugar
3 eggs
1 tsp vanilla extract
1/2 cup heavy cream
1/2 cup spiced rum
Eggnog Sauce:
1 cup eggnog
1 cup 2% milk
4 egg yolks
1/3 cup sugar
1/4 cup flour
3 tbsps cornstarch
1 tsp vanilla extract
1/4 tsp salt
Eggnog Whipped Cream:
1 cup heavy whipping cream
1/2 cup eggnog
1 tbsp powdered sugar
pinch salt
1 tsp vanilla extract
Freshly grated nutmeg (optional)

Directions:
Cake:
1. Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Grease and line a 9 inch cake pan with parchment paper.
2. In a medium bowl, whisk together flour, baking soda, baking powder, salt, nutmeg, cinnamon, and cloves. Set aside.
3.  In a large bowl, cream butter and sugar until light and fluffy. Beat in eggs one at a time, mixing thoroughly after each addition. Mix in vanilla.  Add in 1/3 of the flour mixture and stir until just combined. Pour in half of the heavy cream and half of the spiced rum and mix until just combined. Continue alternating adding in the flour mixture and the heavy cream and spiced rum until combined. Do not overmix. Pour batter into prepared pan and bake 35-40 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted in the center of the cake comes out clean. Allow cake to cool 5 minutes in a pan before removing to a serving platter.
Eggnog Sauce:
4. While cake is baking, make the eggnog sauce. In a small bowl, whisk together egg yolks and sugar. Mix in flour, cornstarch, vanilla, and salt. Mixture will be very thick.
5. In a medium saucepan over medium-low heat, add milk and eggnog and heat until just barely simmering. Slowly add half of the hot milk and eggnog mixture into the egg yolk mixture, whisking constantly. Pour egg yolk mixture back into the saucepan with the rest of the milk and eggnog, and whisk to combine. Continue to cook over medium-low heat, whisking constantly, until mixture thickens, about 2 minutes. Pour mixture through a fine mesh sieve into a heat-safe bowl. Allow mixture to cool slightly, then place a piece of plastic wrap directly onto the surface of the sauce to prevent a skin from forming.
To assemble cake:
6. While cake is still very warm, poke several holes all over using the handle of a wooden spoon. Slowly pour eggnog sauce over the cake and allow to soak in--spreading the sauce over the cake with a spatula if necessary. (Some of the sauce will sit on top of the cake and not soak in. This makes for a nice topping, if desired.) Allow cake to cool completely.
Eggnog Whipped Cream:
7. Just before serving, make eggnog whipped cream. In a medium bowl, add in heavy whipping cream, eggnog, powdered sugar, salt, and vanilla extract. Beat on high speed until mixture forms stiff peaks.
8. On completely cooled cake, place several dollops of the whipped cream. Top with additional freshly grated nutmeg, if desired.
Note: This cake tastes better slightly cold. Do not put the whipped cream on until ready to serve.

Submitter: 
Kim
Description: 
A rum and nutmeg spiced cake is the base for an eggnog sauce and eggnog whipped cream. Homemade eggnog and fresh nutmeg are highly recommended to give this the best flavor. Make sure to use a high sided cake pan, as this cake rises a lot while baking!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
4 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
NA
