URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64720435/instant-pot-red-posole/
Title:
Instant Pot® Red Posole Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/5901059.jpg
Ingredients:
2 tablespoons of olive oil
2 pounds pork shoulder, cut into 1 inch cubes
1 teaspoon garlic salt
1 medium onion, diced
3 cloves garlic, pressed
1 teaspoon New Mexico chili powder
1/2 teaspoon cumin
1 teaspoon oregano
1/2 teaspoon ground chipotle chile powder
1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper
1 4 oz. can diced green chiles, undrained; mild, medium, or hot
1 14.5 oz. can red enchilada sauce
4 cups low sodium chicken broth or homemade broth
1/3 cup chopped cilantro
1 15 oz. can golden hominy, drained
Toppings:
Sliced radishes
Shredded cabbage
Diced avocado
Chopped cilantro
Lime wedges
Sliced jalapeno

Directions:
Add two tablespoons of olive oil to inner liner and set pressure cooker according to manufacturer's instruction to saute. Sauté, in small batches to avoid overcrowding. When oil becomes hot add pork cubes, garlic salt, onion, garlic, New Mexico chili powder, cumin, oregano, chipotle powder and black pepper. , until meat is browned, about 10 minutes. Turn off saute.
Add green chiles, enchilada sauce, chicken broth and cilantro, stir to blend.
Close, lock the lid and seal the vent. Set cooker on high pressure according to manufacturer's instructions and set timer for 20 minutes. Allow 10-15 minutes for pressure to build. When time is up use the natural pressure release method per manufacturer's instructions, 15 to 20 minutes. Unlock the lid and add the hominy, stirring to blend.
Serve in bowls and add your favorite toppings.

Submitter: 
bd.weld
Description: 
This simple earthy rich and satisfying soup is easy to make in your electric pressure cooker. This recipe uses pork and hominy along with spices and herbs. Feel free to adjust the ingredient to suit your taste.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 mins.
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
