URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64726802/orecchiette-with-mushrooms-and-zucchini/
Title:
Orecchiette with Mushrooms and Zucchini Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/6127549.jpg
Ingredients:
8 oz. Orecchiette Pasta
Six Cremini Mushrooms, diced
Two Green Zucchinis, chopped and quartered
Five Plum Tomatoes
2 Tbsp Olive Oil
3 Tbsp Butter
Two Cloves Garlic, minced
One Onion, halved
2 Tbsp Fresh Basil
2 Tbsp Fresh Parsley
Grated Parmesan Cheese for Garnish
One Large Pot of Water
One Small Pot of Water
One Bowl of Ice Water
Salt and Pepper to taste

Directions:
Bring some water in a small pot to a boil. Rinse, then drop five whole tomatoes into the boiling water, let them cook for two minutes or so, then use tongs to transfer them to a bowl of ice water and let them sit for another two minutes.
Remove the tomato skins once they are cool to the touch, then slice the blanched tomatoes into small-ish pieces.
Peel and slice a medium-sized white onion in half, and place it face-down in a saucepan with 3 Tbsp butter. Add the tomato slices and turn the heat on. Crush the tomatoes and butter with a wooden spoon to “cook down” the tomatoes to a red sauce.
Turn heat off and remove the onion pieces when the sauce mixture is smooth and even (around 40 minutes).
In the meantime, rinse the zucchinis and mushrooms; chop and quarter the zucchinis, and dice the mushrooms. Peel and mince the garlic, and sauté everything in olive oil for ten minutes, along with chopped basil and parsley. Add salt and pepper to taste.
Bring water in a large pot to a boil, add pasta and cook as the package directs.
Once the sauté and pasta are done, strain and add pasta to a serving bowl, top with the sauté mixture, and top that with the sauce. Serve with grated parmesan for garnish.

Submitter: 
Chef AidF
Description: 
This got very high ratings from my family! It's a hearty and flavorful dish with a unique pasta shape and a mix of Italian flavors.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
45 m
Number of servings: 
5
Nutritional Facts:
NA
