URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64724232/instant-pot-beef-and-barley-soup/
Title:
Instant Pot® Beef And Barley Soup Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 Pound stewing beef, cut into bite size pieces
1 8 Ounce package of sliced cremini mushrooms
1 1/2 Cups onions, roughly chopped
1 1/2 Cups carrots, roughly chopped
1 Cup celery, roughly chopped
2 Cloves garlic, minced
1/2 cup dry red wine
2/3 Cup pearl barley, rinsed
6 Cups No-Salt beef broth
2 Bay leaves
1/2 t thyme
1/2 t Beef bouillon base
1 T tomato paste
Generous pinch red pepper flakes
Salt and pepper to taste
3 Tablespoons Avocado or other oil, or more as needed

Directions:
Generously season the beef with salt and pepper.
Add 1 T of oil to the pot, tilt the pot to distribute the oil evenly.
When the oil shimmers add half of the beef and brown, repeat with the other half.
Remove the beef to a bowl.
Add 1 T of oil to the pot and when it shimmers add the mushrooms, stirring occasionally. If the pot looks dry add additional oil. Cook the mushrooms until slightly brown, about 4 to 5 minutes.
Add the mushrooms to the bowl with the beef.
And another T of oil to the pot and saute the carrots, celery and onions until the onions begin to soften, about 5 minutes.
Add the garlic and cook until just fragrant.
Deglaze the pot with the wine, scraping up any browned bits, cook until the wine has almost evaporated.
Add the thyme, bay leaves, barley, tomato paste, red pepper flakes, bouillon base and 6 cups of broth.
Stir well and place the lid on the pot, close the valve.
Press manual and adjust time to 30 minutes.
It will take 10 for pressure to build.
Release pressure using the natural-release method for 15 minutes then manually release the pressure.
Remove and discard bay leaves
Taste and adjust the salt
See cooks note
Note: The barley will be al dente.

Submitter: 
Bren
Description: 
Loaded with veggies this is a stick to your ribs soup. Serve with lots of crusty bread and enjoy!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15
Ready in:
1 h 30 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
