URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64726167/grain-free-cranberry-sticky-buns/
Title:
Grain-Free Cranberry Sticky Buns Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/6105965.jpg
Ingredients:
For dough:
1 cup unsweetened almond or coconut milk
3 tablespoons salted butter
1 packet (2¼ teaspoons) rapid-rise yeast
1 tablespoon honey
¼ teaspoon salt
3 cups grain-free flour blend plus ¼-½ cups if needed
For filling:
¼ cup salted butter, melted
½ cup coconut sugar
2 tablespoons cinnamon
½ cup fresh or frozen cranberries, chopped
For glaze:
½ cup coconut sugar
½ cup salted butter, melted
½ cup pecans, chopped

Directions:
In a medium saucepan, melt together butter and milk.
Allow to cool to just above room temperature (should feel slightly warm to the touch).
Sprinkle yeast on mixture and allow to sit for ten minutes.
Gradually add in flour while mixing until mixture is fully combined.
Cover loosely with plastic wrap and allow to rise for one hour in a warm place.
While dough is rising, combine filling ingredients and generously butter a round glass baking dish.
Next, combine glaze ingredients and pour into buttered baking dish.
Roll dough between two sheets of wax paper or parchment, into a rectangle shape.
Gently peel back top sheet and spread filling mixture on dough.
Starting at one end and using parchment to help, roll dough into a tight log, ending with seam down.
Using a sharp serrated knife, slice into 1-½ inch rolls and place in buttered baking dish.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees, allowing dough to rise a bit more as it does.
Bake for 20 minutes and top with glaze.
Continue baking 10 minutes or until golden brown, checking centers for doneness.

Submitter: 
Angela Sackett  Superhotmama
Description: 
This recipe was inspired by Minimalist Baker, one of my favorite food blogs.  This version is grain-free and sweetened with natural sugars.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
