URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64735679/bakery-style-chocolate-chip-muffins/
Title:
Bakery Style Chocolate Chip Muffins Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/6260688.jpg
Ingredients:
4 Tablespoons unsalted butter melted and cooled at least 5 minutes (57g)
¼ cup canola oil may substitute vegetable oil (60ml)
1 cup sugar (200g) (granulated sugar)
1 large egg + 1 egg white room temperature preferred
1 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract
1/2 cup buttermilk* room temperature preferred -- please see note for buttermilk substitute
1 3/4 cup all-purpose flour 220g
2 teaspoons baking powder
2 teaspoons corn starch
½ tsp salt
1 cup chocolate chips
I used a mix of mini and regular sized, but you can use either or a combination
(175g)
1/3 cup additional granulated sugar, coarse sugar preferred for topping (67g)

Directions:
Combine butter and canola oil in a large bowl.  Stir well.
Stir in sugar.
Add egg, egg white, and vanilla extract.  Stir very well, until all ingredients are thoroughly combined.
Add buttermilk and stir well.
In a separate bowl, whisk together flour, baking powder, corn starch, and salt.
Fold dry ingredients into wet gently, taking care not to overmix.  Once about half of the dry ingredients have been incorporated into the batter, add in chocolate chips and continue to fold in to batter until all ingredients are just combined.
Cover bowl with a dry towel and allow batter to sit 15 minutes**
Preheat oven to 350 F and line muffin tin with paper liners.
Once oven has preheated, portion batter into 6-cavity large muffin tin (you may also use regular, 12 count muffin tins or mini loaf tins), filling each tin all the way to the top with batter (without overflowing).
Sprinkle tops generously with sugar and place muffins and mini loaves in preheated oven.
Bake at 350 F  for 20 minutes.
Allow to cool, and enjoy!
Notes
*If you don't happen to have buttermilk, you can use this substitute:  pour 1 1/2 teaspoons lemon juice or vinegar into a measuring cup and then fill up to the 1/2 cup line with regular milk.  Stir well and allow mixture to sit for at least 5 minutes (it will thicken) before using.
**This is optional, it helps give the muffin tops a higher rise but you can certainly put them straight in the oven without waiting and they'll still taste delicious.  Ideally you would let the batter set at least one hour, but I found 15 minutes gives me a decent rise (the muffins in the photographs were allowed 15 minutes) while still not dragging out the process too much.

Submitter: 
The Wallace Clan
Description: 
Just like Timmy's
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
