URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64735081/kitchen-dump-casserole/
Title:
Kitchen Dump Casserole Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
18oz of your favorite cheese soup
4oz Velvetta cheese sauce
12oz Cream of Chicken or Cream of Mushroom condensed soup
5.3 oz plain Greek-style Yogurt
16oz cooked egg noodles
18-24oz of frozen veggies. Califonia or Normandy blend works best, but you can use whatever is your favorite.
10-12 Chicken unbreaded chicken tenders, or 4-6 1/2" pork chops, or leftover turkey
3oz of your favorite breadcrumbs
6oz diced ham (Optional)
1oz shredded Parmesan cheese (not the powder)
1/2oz of your favorite herb seasoning mix (omit if using seasoned breadcrumbs)
Seasoned salt to taste

Directions:
1) Set the oven to 375 and pre-heat.
2) In a large mixing bowl add the soups, cheese sauce, and yogurt. Stir until mixed thoroughly.
3) Add the frozen veggies and the ham if used, stir until coated.
4) Add the noodles (and turkey if used) and mix until coated.
5) Pour the noodle mixture into a 9x13 glass baking dish.
6) Place the Chicken or pork chops over the mixture. Do not overlap, you do not need complete coverage.
7)  Mix the herb seasoning with the bread crumbs (skip this step if using seasoned breadcrumbs). Do not add at this time.
8) Cover with aluminum foil and place in the oven.
Bake covered for 1 hour and 15 minutes. After 1 hour and 15 minutes remove from the oven and take the foil cover off. Sprinkle the top liberally with the breadcrumbs then top with the Parmesan cheese. Place back in the oven uncovered for 15 minutes checking after about 7 minutes to make sure the breadcrumbs are not burning. Once the breadcrumbs and cheese are nicely browned remove from the oven and serve.

Submitter: 
Kevin Boschult
Description: 
This is a recipe to help utilize (if you need to) all those little things you may have in your fridge, freezer and or pantry. A tasty way to make some room in the food stores at your house. Or just to have an easy dinner.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
