URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64739226/instant-pot-tacos-al-pastor/
Title:
Instant Pot Tacos al Pastor Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/6354883.jpg
Ingredients:
3 lbs. pork butt or shoulder, chopped into 2" cubes
2 cups pineapple juice
1/4 cup white vinegar
Juice of one small or medium-sized orange
Juice of one lime
1 cup chopped onion
4 cloves garlic, chopped
2 chipotle peppers in adobo sauce from a can
1 tablespoon chili powder
1 teaspoon cumin
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper
1 packet Sazon with achiote (Goya brand or similar)
Vegetable oil
1 20 oz. can pineapple chunks, drained
Flour tortillas
Chopped red onion
Pico de gallo salsa
Chopped avocado (optional)
Chopped cilantro (optional)
Lime wedges

Directions:
Place chunks of pork in a large plastic storage container. In a blender, puree pineapple juice, vinegar, orange juice, lime juice, chopped onion, garlic, chipotle peppers, chili powder, cumin, salt, pepper, and Sazon packet. Pour the sauce over the pork and make sure the chunks of meat are covered. Seal the container and marinate for at least 8 hours (up to 24 hours).
Select Sauté mode on your Instant Pot, and add vegetable oil to the pot. When the oil has heated, brown the chunks of marinated pork on all sides, reserving the sauce. You may need to work in batches depending on the size of your Instant Pot.
Once the pork has browned on all sides, turn off the Sauté mode and pour the reserved sauce from the marinade over the pork in the pot. Close and seal the Instant Pot, then select Pressure Cook on high pressure. Set the timer for 35 minutes. It will take 10-15 minutes for the pressure to build before the 35-minute cook time will start.
After the 35 minutes, allow the Instant Pot pressure to release naturally for 10 minutes. Release the remaining pressure using the manufacturer's quick release method.
Line a baking sheet with aluminum foil. Remove the pork chunks from the pot using tongs or a slotted spoon, and place on the baking sheet. Reserve the sauce in the Instant Pot for now.
Preheat your oven's broiler. Using forks, shred the pork into coarse chunks (this won't take much effort), removing and discarding any excess fatty chunks from the meat, and spread the meat out evenly on the baking sheet. Add the pineapple chunks to the baking sheet with the meat, then place the baking sheet under the broiler. Broil until the tips of the meat and pineapple are beginning to get a little brown and crispy. Remove from the oven.
Using a spoon, drizzle the reserved sauce from the Instant Pot over the meat to moisten it and add some more of the marinade flavor.
Create your tacos by portioning the pork and pineapple chunks on flour tortillas. Add chopped red onion, pico de gallo salsa, and if desired, avocado and cilantro. Garnish with lime wedges.

Submitter: 
fabeverydayblog
Description: 
While traditional al pastor meat is cooked on a spit, this flavorful variation is made using your Instant Pot or multi-cooker pressure cooker after marinating. The result is a fall-apart tender, flavor-infused pork taco that your family will request again and again.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
9 h 30 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
