URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64738211/vegan-banh-mi-with-pate-and-braised-jackfruit/
Title:
Vegan Banh Mi with Pate and Braised Jackfruit Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/6326015.jpg
Ingredients:
1 can green jackfruit in water, drained
2 tbsp vegetable oil
1 clove garlic, minced
1/2 teaspoon ground five spice blend
1 tablespoons brown rice syrup
2 teaspoons toasted sesame oil
1 tablespoons soy sauce
1 tablespoons sriracha sauce
3 tablespoons vegan hoisin sauce
1 tablespoon vegan fish sauce
Salt and pepper to taste
1 (4.40 ounce) can vegan pate
1 cup Vietnamese pickled carrots and daikon
2 jalapenos, sliced
1 cup sliced English cucumber
1 bunch cilantro
3 tbsp Sriracha sauce, or more to taste
3 single size vegan French-style baguettes

Directions:
Drain the jackfruit and gently rinse under running water. Drain.  Whisk together the five spice blend, brown rice syrup, sesame oil, soy, Sriracha, hoisin sauce, and fish sauce. Set aside.
Heat the vegetable oil in a skillet. Add the garlic and drained jackfruit. Stir the jackfruit and garlic until the garlic starts to brown and the jackfruit has warmed slightly. Drizzle the spice sauce mixture over the jackfruit and stir to combine. Cover and simmer until the sauce has thickened and the jackfruit is soft. Use two forks to shred the jackfruit. Cook a little longer then set aside.
Split the baguettes lengthwise. Divide the pate evenly between the three baguettes spreading the pate along one side of the baguette. To each baguette add equal amounts of the braised jackfruit (reserve the sauce for dipping, if desired), pickled vegetables, the cilantro, sliced cucumber, jalapeno, and Sriracha sauce. Serve immediately.

Submitter: 
Buckwheat Queen
Description: 
The French inspired Vietnamese sandwich made with vegan ingredients. Braising jackfruit with traditional seasoning gives you all the taste you expect from this classic without any meat.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
3
Nutritional Facts:
NA
