URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64739239/instant-pot-shepherds-pie/
Title:
Instant Pot Shepherd's Pie Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/6355170.jpg
Ingredients:
1 tablespoon vegetable oil
1 lb. ground beef
1 cup onion, diced
3 cloves of garlic, minced
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon ground black pepper
1/2 teaspoon thyme
1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce
1 tablespoon tomato paste
1 cup beef broth
2 cups frozen peas and carrots
3 medium-sized potatoes, peeled
1/2 cup half & half
2 tablespoons butter or margarine
1/4 teaspoon garlic salt

Directions:
Heat oil in your Instant Pot using the Sauté setting. Add ground beef, onion, garlic, salt, and pepper, and sauté until the ground beef has browned and the onions are tender.
Stir in thyme, Worcestershire sauce, tomato paste, beef broth, and frozen peas and carrots until well blended. Turn off the Sauté function.
Place your Instant Pot's metal collapsible trivet in the pot so that it rests a little bit above the meat mixture. Place the peeled potatoes on top of the trivet, then close and seal the Instant Pot. Select Pressure Cook and high pressure. Set the timer for 15 minutes if your potatoes are on the smaller side, or 20 minutes if they are medium to large. Reminder: it will take 10-15 minutes for pressure to build in your Instant Pot before the cooking time starts.
Once the timer goes off, allow the pressure to release naturally for 10 minutes, then use the manufacturer's quick release method to release the remaining pressure. Open the lid and remove the potatoes to a bowl. Turn off your Instant Pot and carefully remove the metal trivet (it will be hot).
In the bowl, mash the potatoes together with the half & half, margarine or butter, and garlic salt until well mashed and blended.
Pre-heat your oven's broiler. Assemble the pie by pouring the meat mixture from the Instant Pot into an 8" square baking pan. Spoon the mashed potatoes over the meat mixture and spread out evenly. Place the baking pan under the broiler for a few minutes until the top starts to golden and brown.

Submitter: 
fabeverydayblog
Description: 
This family-friendly shepherd's pie uses ground beef (instead of the traditional lamb), and uses your Instant Pot or multi-cooker pressure cooker to prepare the filling and potatoes.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
5 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
