URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64733303/blood-orange-tart/
Title:
Blood Orange Tart Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/6222539.jpg
Ingredients:
Crust:
1/2 cup cold unsalted butter, cut into 1/2" pieces
1/3 cup sugar
1/2 tsp salt
1 tsp vanilla extract
1 cup all-purpose flour
Blood Orange Filling:
1 cup blood orange juice
2 tbsps blood orange zest
2/3 cup sugar
3 eggs, lightly beaten
1 egg yolk, lightly beaten
2 tbsps cornstarch
1/4 tsp salt
2 tbsps unsalted butter, cut into 1/2" pieces
Blood orange slices for garnish, optional

Directions:
1. Lightly grease a 9" tart pan with removable bottom.
2. Prepare crust. In a food processor, combine sugar, salt, vanilla, and flour. Pulse a few times to combine. Add in pieces of butter and pulse several more times until mixture resembles coarse sand (it will be very crumbly). Pour mixture into prepared tart pan. Using damp hands, press the crumbs together evenly along the bottom and up the sides of the pan to form crust. Gently prick the bottom of the crust with a fork several times. Place in the freezer for 15 minutes.
3. Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Remove tart crust from freezer and place it on a cookie sheet. Line crust with foil, fill with dried beans or pie weights, and bake for 20-25 minutes or until crust just begins to turn golden brown. Remove foil and weights, and bake 5-7 minutes more, or until center of crust is set. Remove from oven, and reduce the heat to 325 degrees.
4. Make blood orange filling. In a large heat safe bowl, whisk together sugar, salt, and cornstarch. Mix in blood orange juice, zest, eggs, and egg yolk until smooth. Place bowl over a barely simmering pot of water (making sure the bowl does not touch the water) and cook mixture, stirring constantly, until it thickens and coats the back of a spoon. Remove bowl from heat and stir in the butter a piece at a time, ensuring each piece melts before adding in the next. Once butter is combined, pour mixture through a fine mesh sieve. Pour custard into the prepared tart crust. Bake at 325 for 15-20 minutes or until custard is set. Allow to cool to room temperature before removing from pan. Chill for several hours before serving. Top with blood orange slices before serving, if desired.

Submitter: 
Kim
Description: 
A nice citrus-y tart with a shortbread crust.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
2 hrs
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
