URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64733251/muffuletta-olive-spread-and-caprese-sandwich/
Title:
Muffuletta Olive Spread and Caprese Sandwich Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/6220551.jpg
Ingredients:
Muffuletta Spread:
1/2 cup black olives, pitted and drained
1/2 cup green olives, salad-type
1 stalk celery chopped
2 tablespoons capers; drained
1 red bell pepper; chopped and divided
2 cloves garlic
1/4 cup extra virgin olive oil
1/8 teaspoon dried oregano
1/4 teaspoon dried basil
1/8 teaspoon red pepper flakes
Sandwich:
1 14 oz. Ciabatta bread loaf (I like take & bake  Archer Farms brand from Target) sliced in half lengthwise.
BelGioloso sliced Mozzarella cheese slices
Fresh Basil slices
Sliced Hot House tomatoes
1 medium sliced Avacado

Directions:
Chop/Pulse the olives, garlic, half chopped bell pepper and chopped celery in the food processor. Add olive oil until mixture just begins to loosen up.
Transfer to a bowl and stir in herbs and remaining red bell pepper.
Brush the inside of half a split ciabatta roll or sliced Italian bread with a heaping spoonful of muffulletta  olive spread. (Be generous of course).
Layer other half of sliced roll with 2-3 slices each fresh mozzarella, tomato, basil leaves and avocado slices; season with salt and pepper.
Then sandwich sides together.
On the stove: Preheat a grill skillet with butter or oil to medium low. Add your sandwich, then press a heavy cast iron pan on top to weigh it down. Cook until golden and crisp, 3 to 4 minutes per side. (My preferred way)
In a panini press: Preheat the press. Add your sandwich and cook according to the manufacturer's instructions until golden and crisp, 3 to 5 minutes.

Submitter: 
Sahara B
Description: 
I know there are many spellings for the classic muffuletta sandwich, but I will always use the Epicurious spelling. This spread is wonderful on a New Orleans style muffuletta sandwich but the spread is also great on crostini, crackers, flour tortillas and pita bread.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
