URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64739467/duanes-perfect-pot-stickers/
Title:
Duane's Perfect Pot Stickers Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/6363722.jpg
Ingredients:
Dough:
1 cups all-purpose flour, plus more if needed and for dusting
1 teaspoons salt
1/4 cup boiling water
1/4 cup ice cold water
Filling:
1/4 small head cabbage, finely chopped (about 2 cups)
3/4 teaspoon kosher salt, plus 1/8 teaspoon for seasoning
1/3 pound ground pork
1 tablespoon fresh ginger, minced
1 small carrot, coarsely shredded (about 2 tablespoons)
2 scallions, thinly sliced (about 1/4 cup)
2 cloves garlic, minced (about 2 teaspoons)
1 tablespoon soy sauce
2 teaspoons Asian (toasted) sesame oil
1/2 egg, lightly beaten
1/8 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper
1 teaspoon salt
Dipping Sauce:
2 tablespoons soy sauce
1 tablespoon seasoned rice vinegar
2 teaspoons toasted sesame oil
1 scallion, finely chopped

Directions:
To make the Awesome dough: Mix  flour and salt in a large bowl. Slowly add the boiling water while stirring, until you have a coarse meal mixture. Slowly Stir in 1/2 cup cold water to form a dough. Knead the dough on a lightly floured surface for 7 minutes, adding more flour if necessary, until the dough is smooth and just slightly sticky. Cover the dough with a damp towel and let sit for 15 minutes.
Now it's time to make the Magic filling: In large bowl, toss together cabbage and 3/4 teaspoon salt and set aside for 30 minutes. Transfer to clean dish towel or cheesecloth, gather ends together, and twist to squeeze out as much water as possible. Wipe bowl clean, then return cabbage to it. Add pork, ginger, carrots, scallions, and garlic and stir to combine.
In small bowl, whisk together soy sauce, sesame oil, and egg, then stir into cabbage-pork mixture. Stir in pepper and remaining 1/8 teaspoon salt.
To assemble the Perfect Pot Sticker: Divide the dough into 12 balls. Roll them out into 4-inch circles, flouring the surface as needed. Place 1 tablespoon filling in the center of each and fold in half to make a half-moon shape, pleating the edges to seal well.
Bring a large pot of water to a boil. Heat a thin layer of oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Boil the pot stickers in batches of 6 for 4 minutes. Remove them with a slotted spoon, allowing excess water to drip off. Set aside while second batch is boiling.  Remove the second batch with a slotted spoon, allowing excess water to drip off then transfer all 12  pot stickers to the hot oil (be careful because this step can cause spatter). Cook until the pot stickers are browned about 2 to 3 minutes uncovered. Add 1/4 cup of water and cover quickly. Continue cooking 1-2 minutes and then remove the lid to allow remaining water to cook off. Transfer the pot stickers to a plate lined with a paper towel or cabbage leaves(Fancy) and let cool slightly.
For the dipping sauce: In a small pot, combine the sesame oil and scallion over medium heat for 3 minutes, remove from heat and add soy sauce and vinegar and stir.
Serve these AWESOME POT STICKERS with THE PERFECT dipping sauce!!

Submitter: 
Duane Taddei
Description: 
Pork Pot sticker copycat recipe from our Local Szechuan Chinese Restaurant
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
40 min
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
NA
