URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64739979/beachmom65s-meatballs/
Title:
BeachMom65's Meatballs Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/6779193.jpg
Ingredients:
3 lbs lean ground meat, such as beef or turkey
2 eggs, lightly beaten
1/2 tsp powdered bouillon, any kind
2 T parsley, dried or fresh
1 tsp black pepper, ground
2 T garlic olive oil, (or 2 garlic cloves, minced, plus 2 T olive oil)
1 c carrot, grated on large grate
1 c zucchini, grated on large grate
1/3 c minced red onion
4 T minced celery
2 canned plum tomatoes from their can, chopped, including their inner juices
1/2 c juice from the can of plum tomatoes
1 cup Italian bread crumbs plus 1 cup reserved

Directions:
PREHEAT:
Oven to 380° F, prepped for middle rack of oven.
Spray regular muffin tin pan with non-stick spray.
PREPARATION:
Place ground meat into a large bowl.
In another small bowl, lightly stir the 2 eggs together. Add pepper and bouillon powder, and stir.
Place bread crumbs aside, divided, into 2 small bowls, 1 cup each.
Add all remaining ingredients to the egg mixture, and stir well.
Pour 1 cup of bread crumbs over the meat, and lightly work through with fingertips.
Pour egg mixture over meat, and lightly combine into the meat until it is mixed in, carefully avoiding over-working it with your hands, as this will toughen the baked result.
FORMING MEATBALLS:
With your hands, gently form a large ball of mixture that will fit into the muffin tin, and roll it lightly into the remaining bread crumbs.
Place each ball into the muffin tin.
BAKE:
Bake, uncovered, on center rack for 30 minutes. Meatballs will shrink slightly when cooked through, and breadcrumbs should not brown.
After 5 minutes, use a large spoon to lift meatballs out of their tin and place onto a hot plate until ready to serve. Pour out any grease left in bottom of tins.
Muffin pan can then be immediately reused for second batch of meatballs.
For subsequent batches, repeat forming and baking instructions.
Enjoy!!

Submitter: 
BeachMom65
Description: 
Crusty, juicy and tender, these springy meatballs are packed with nutrients and addictive flavor that add protein and vitamins to any meal. Using lean ground beef or lean turkey, the benefits of eating low-fat meals just got even easier! Once I grab one, I grab another, and yet another...
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15
Ready in:
45
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
