URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64737643/chile-colorado/
Title:
CHILE COLORADO Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
11 dried California chile peppers stems and seeds removed
15 previously toasted chile de arbol, stems removed (see note)
1 large yellow onion cut in quarters
4 cups of beef broth-divided In half
10 garlic cloves
1 1/2 t. cumin powder
1 t. dried Mexican oregano
2 T. vegetable oil
3 lbs. chuck beef trimmed, cubed in 1/2 inch pieces
3 T. all purpose flour
2 dried bay leaves

Directions:
Chile Colorado sauce Prep:
1. In a larger stock pot, add the 11 dried California chile peppers with only 5 of the dried Chile the Arbol and onion. Cover with cold water and bring to boil over medium heat.
2) once the water boils, turn off the heat, cover and let the chile peppesr sit until soften for approximately  20 minutes.
3) with a slotted spoon, remove the softened chiles and onion from the water (discard water) and place on a blender along with 2 cup of the beef broth, the garlic, cumin and oregano and puree.
4) over a large bowl, pour chile sauce through a sieve, pressing the solids with a spatula to extract as much liquid as possible. Set aside and discard solids.
Cooking the beef:
1) seasoned the beef cubes with seasoned or garlic salt  and pepper and toss in flour (the flour will be the sauce thickener)
2)  in a heavy bottom/Dutch oven (I use my cats iron one), heat the oil over medium, heat
3) working in batches, brown the beef on all sides for 4 minutes per batch. Remove the meat an set aside. Continue to cook the remaining beef cubes. and set aside
4) in the same pot,  add the reserved chile sauce and the remaining 2 cups of beef broth and the bay leaves and cook over medium-high heat.
5) bring to a rapid simmer and lower the heat to medium-low. Add the meat back  and cook uncovered for about 1 hour to allow the liquid to thicken and reduce- stir from time to time.
6) discard the bay leaves and season with salt and pepper to taste
NOTE: I buy a large bag of Chile de Arbol and I fried them in batches  in a pan with just a coat of olive oil (of any vegetable oil at hand) at medium high heat.  Stir them constantly since they start toasting (this is very quick). As soon as they are dark brown (almost black) on all sides, remove the batch and place them on a paper towel to cool. Once cool, I place them in a large plastic jar with new paper towels inside to absorb moisture. These toasted chiles are a fantastic addition to any dishes that call for some heat - not just Mexican - I use it to flavor Thai, Chinese, Indian and salsa dishes and they impart a wonderful nutty taste to any dish/sauce!

Submitter: 
PattyQ
Description: 
This is a great Chile Colorado recipe that you can adapt to your own taste! I am not the creator of this recipe, but then who is the creator of any traditional Mexican dish? You get a recipe from a comadre, or friend, you adapt it to your taste and it becomes your own family recipe to pass to your own generations to come!  Serve this Chile with a side of beans, Mexican rice, or just tortillas topped with cilantro and onion (or pico de Gallo) for some quick tacos.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
