URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64738412/instant-pot-galbi-korean-style-short-ribs/
Title:
Instant Pot Galbi (Korean-Style Short Ribs) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/6331634.jpg
Ingredients:
3 lbs. beef short ribs
1 Asian pear, peeled, cored, and coarsely chopped
1 small onion (or 1/2 of a large onion), chopped
4 cloves garlic, chopped
1/2 tablespoon fresh ginger, peeled and coarsely chopped
1 cup low-sodium soy sauce, divided
1/4 cup rice wine
1/4 cup water
2 tablespoons sesame oil, divided
1/4 cup brown sugar
1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper
2 carrots, peeled and cut into chunks
5 radishes, peeled and cut into chunks
1/4 cup white sugar
Chopped green onions (for garnish)
Toasted sesame seeds (for garnish)

Directions:
Soak ribs in a large bowl of water for one hour. While ribs are soaking, prep the other ingredients.
Puree the Asian pear, onion, garlic, and ginger in a blender or food processor until very well pureed.
Add pureed pear mixture to a mixing bowl along with 3/4 cups of the soy sauce, rice wine, water, 1 tablespoon of the sesame oil, brown sugar, and black pepper and mix well to create the sauce.
When ribs are done soaking, drain the water and dry them well. Trim off the excess fat, then place the ribs into the Instant Pot along with the chopped carrots and radishes. Pour the pear sauce over the ribs and vegetables in the Instant Pot.
Close the lid and seal the Instant Pot, then select the Meat/Stew setting.
After the cook time has ended, use the manufacturer's quick release method to de-pressurize the multi-cooker.
Carefully open the lid, then remove the meat and vegetables to a plate and set aside.
Select the Sauté function on your multi-cooker. Stir the remaining 1/4 cup of soy sauce, the remaining 1 tablespoon of sesame oil, and the white sugar into the sauce. Sauté, stirring occasionally until the sugar has melted and the sauce has thickened, about 10 minutes.
Add ribs and vegetables back to the pot to get nice and saucy.
Serve with white rice and garnish with green onions and sesame seeds.

Submitter: 
fabeveryday
Description: 
A version of the delicious Korean beef short ribs dish for your Instant Pot or other multi-cooker pressure cooker that will have the ribs falling off the bone! A few notes: Soaking the ribs first is part of the traditional method. I recommend soaking for at least an hour, though traditionally you would soak them for longer than that, changing out the water after the first hour. If you don't have an Asian pear, and apple will do as a substitute.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
2 h
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
