URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64739596/roast-beef/
Title:
Roast Beef Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
3 - 3.5lbs Beef Chuck Roast
1-3 tblspn Olive Oil
1/2 cup red wine OR whiskey
1/2 Onion
4 Carrots
1 beef bouillon & 3/4 cup water
10-12 Garlic Cloves
1/2 Cup Dijon Mustard
1 Tsp Dried Rosemary
1 Tsp Dried Thyme
1 Tsp Dried Basil
1Tspn Oregano
Salt & Pepper

Directions:
Pre-heat oven to 450°f
Peel and crush garlic - put in a small bowl and add 1 tspn of olive oil. Set aside
Mix water and bouillon til bouillon is completely dissolved. Set aside.
Cut half of the onion into circular cuts, cut the carrot however you please and throw it the roasting pan. Add your whiskey OR red wine.
In a seperate bowl, add in the mustard and herbs. Set aside.
Cut holes into roast using a knife (about 12 small holes) and insert seasoned crushed garlic with your fingers. This gives it a boost of flavor. Season with salt & pepper.
Heat up pan big enough for the roast. Once pan is hot, put 2 tblspn of olive oil in pan. Wait 30 seconds. Sear the roast on high heat - you’re gonna sear it for 2.5-3 minutes each side or until it is golden brown.
Rest the roast on a cutting board for 5-10 minutes.
Once roast is rested, lather your mustard sauce mixture onto the roast. Use your hands, massage the meat. Once covered in mixture, place roast in your roasting pan (Should sit atop the onions and carrots) and place the pan into your preheated oven.
After 40 minutes, add mixture of water and beef bouillon. Let cook for another 30 min- flip the roast - cook for another 45 minutes. Turn off oven. Leave roast in the oven without opening it for 5 minutes. Take out the roast, carve, and enjoy!
*You may also add potatoes in the roasting pan. We prefer them mashed*

Submitter: 
Jovee Jojo Buencamino
Description: 
Amazing recepi to make for your family during the weekend!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
