URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64746684/beachmom65s-pineapple-chipotle-bacon-bombs/
Title:
BeachMom65's Pineapple-Chipotle-Bacon Bombs Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 Pineapple
1/2 c Chipotle sauce
1/4 c Molasses or honey
Dash of cinnamon
20 + long sprigs of cilantro
10 Slices of bacon, par-cooked (halfway cooked)
20+ wooden toothpicks
Black pepper (optional)
Baking sheet with baking paper.

Directions:
Preheat Oven to 380 F°.
Line a baking sheet with baking paper.  Set aside.
Rinse and pull 20 + cilantro sprigs from a bunch of cilantro. Pat dry flat, carefully not bending leaves.
Prepare Chipotle Sauce:
Stir together chipotle sauce and molasses (or honey) in a medium-small bowl.
Prepare Pineapple:
Wash, core and cut off spines of a ripe pineapple.    Add any leftover pineapple juice to chipotle mixture.
Cut into 20, 1" cubes, and add into bowl with sauce.
Gently toss to coat. Set aside.
Prepare Bacon:
Place 10 bacon slices onto a plate lined with paper towels, and microwave 5 minutes until soft and beginning to bubble a bit.
Cool, cut in half, and pat dry. Lay onto paper towel to drain.
Prepare Pineapple Bombs:
One by one, wrap each pineapple piece with a halved bacon slice.  Where the bacon overlaps onto itself,  pierce pieces together and onto the pineapple with a toothpick until it comes out the other side.  You should have a small 1" bacon roll with a toothpick piece sticking out of both ends.
Lay onto baking sheet.
Continue wrapping remaining bacon-halves around the remaining chunks, and lay all onto a baking sheet, 2" apart.
Bake, uncovered, for 25-30 minutes.
When cool enough to touch, pull cilantro stem through the side, top to bottom, between bacon and the pineapple, so the stem is sticking out one bottom end, and the leafy part out the top end.
Transfer to serving platter, garnish, and serve.
Garnish with more minced cilantro sprigs and black pepper, optional.
***It is suggested the use of the microwave oven to pre-cook bacon to ensure it is thoroughly cooked.  For those who like softer bacon,  raise oven heat to 400F°, and skip the par-cooking  microwave phase.   Ensure you watch bacon at higher heat of 400F°, that it does not burn but cooks throughout.

Submitter: 
BeachMom65
Description: 
Freshly cut pineapple chunks coated in chipotle-molasses sauce, then wrapped with bacon and baked up in time for summer outside guests!  They go great served along-side chili beans with a pineapple-rum chaser.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20
Ready in:
50 min
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
