URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64747060/lemony-breakfast-cheesecake/
Title:
Lemony Breakfast Cheesecake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/6611686.jpg
Ingredients:
Granola Crust:
2 cups rolled oats
1 cup almonds, finely chopped
1 1/2 cups shredded sweetened coconut
1/4 cup flax meal
1 tsp ground ginger
1/4 tsp salt
1 large lemon, zested and juiced
1/3 cup honey
1 large egg, beaten
1 tsp vanilla extract
Filling:
8 oz. Neufchatel cheese
2 cups whole milk plain Greek yogurt
3 tbsps honey, or to taste
1/2 tsp lemon zest
1 tsp freshly squeezed lemon juice
1 tsp vanilla extract
Fresh blueberries, strawberries, raspberries, and blackberries

Directions:
1. Preheat oven to 325 degrees. Grease a 9" springform pan.
2. In a large bowl, combine oats, almonds, coconut, flax meal, ground ginger, and salt. Toss to combine.
3. In a small bowl, whisk together lemon juice, lemon zest, honey, egg, and vanilla until thoroughly combined. Pour honey mixture into oat mixture. Using a wooden spoon, or your hands, stir until mixture is thoroughly combined.
4. Pour crust mixture into prepared springform pan. Using your hands, or a greased measuring cup, firmly press mixture into the bottom, and up the sides of the springform pan. Making sure that the crust is approximately 1/3" thick on all sides. Place into preheated oven and bake until edges are golden brown and the bottom of the crust is set, about 25 minutes. Cool completely in pan. Gently remove from springform pan (running a knife around the sides if necessary).
5. Prepare filling. In a large bowl, whip Neufchatel cheese on medium-high speed until completely smooth. Add in Greek yogurt, honey, lemon zest, lemon juice, and vanilla extract. Beat on medium-high speed until mixture is smooth and thoroughly combined. Taste, and adjust sweetness by adding more honey if necessary. Pour filling into cooled crust, and refrigerate cheesecake for at least 1 hour. Top with fresh berries, if desired. Keep chilled until ready to serve.

Submitter: 
Kim
Description: 
Because life is too short to not have cheesecake for breakfast.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 1/2-2 hrs
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
