URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64747163/amys-sauce/
Title:
Amy’s Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/6615403.jpg
Ingredients:
2 large cans of Contadina tomato purée. (Not sauce, not crushed tomatoes)
3  medium cans of Contadina tomato paste.
A shit load of garlic. I use at least 1 bulb, sometimes 2. The whole bulb!
A whole bunch of fresh basil.
Good olive oil.
Kosher salt
Fresh cracked pepper
Red pepper flakes

Directions:
Chop garlic.
Warm up the olive oil in your biggest pot. Don’t get it too hot.
Add red pepper flakes.
Sauté garlic until cooked slightly. Do not brown!
Add tomato paste.
Add tomato purée.
Fill each tomato paste can with water at least 2 times and add to pot.
Fill each tomato purée can with water at least once and add to pot.
Take your sauce spoon and fill it with kosher salt. Mix into sauce.
Add fresh cracked pepper.
Let it come to a boil.
Add fresh basil. No need to use a knife, just tear. Whole leaves are good!
Turn down slightly and stir every 10 minutes for 4-6 hours.
**** If you are adding meat:
Add meatballs after the sauce starts boiling.
Add sausage after the sauce starts boiling.
Add eggies about 30minutes before you serve so they don’t over cook.

Submitter: 
Amy Standaert
Description: 
It’s sauce. Not gravy. Sauce. And if you don’t listen to me it won’t taste right. There are 3 very simple rules to making my sauce:
1. Use GOOD ingredients. That includes the salt and pepper. 
2. Use enough salt. If there isn’t’t enough, why bother?
3. Use fresh basil and fresh garlic.
The amounts of everything depend on how much you’re making & how long it’s going to cook. This recipe is for a huge pot of sauce that feeds a large family on Sunday and enough to freeze for another night. I mean it! Use good ingredients and DO NOT add anything weird that some non-Sicilian tells you too. No o
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
6
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
