URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64746521/grilled-panzanella-bread-salad-with-italian-sausage-and-chicken/
Title:
Grilled Panzanella (bread salad) with Italian Sausage and Chicken Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
3 Red Peppers
1 Large Red Onion sliced thick
8 oz. Block Mozzarella cheese
1 lb. Sweet Italian Sausage Links
1 lb. Chicken Breast
1 tbs Italian Seasoning Herbs (salt free)
1 tsp granulated Garlic
1 large crusty Baguette
4 Roma Tomatoes
Olive Oil
Salt and pepper to taste
4 cups Arugula
1/2 cup Shredded Parmesan
DRESSING:
3/4 Cup Red Wine Vinegar
1/2 Cup Balsamic Vinegar
1 Cup Olive Oil
3 Tbsp. Capers, Drained
5 Cloves Garlic
2 Tbsp. Dijon Mustard
3 Tbsp. Dried Oregano
3 Tbsp. Agave
2 Tbsp. Parmesan Cheese
Salt and Pepper

Directions:
Preheat grill to medium high heat.
Make the dressing by combining the ingredients in a blender and blend thoroughly.
Toss chicken breast with the Italian seasoning, granulated garlic, olive oil, and salt/pepper. Set aside in a bowl.
In a bowl, toss whole peppers, whole Roma tomatoes, and sliced red onion in olive oil and salt. Set aside.
Slice baguette lengthwise into quarters so you have four “long sticks”. On a sheet pan coat the baguette sticks with olive oil.
Grill Sausage and seasoned chicken until fully cooked. Grill the whole Roma tomatoes, red peppers, red onion slices, and baguette sticks until there’s a moderate amount of char throughout. Transfer all cooked items to the sheet pan for easy transport.
Remove the stem and seeds from the grilled red peppers. Dice peppers, onion, tomatoes, baguette, sausage, chicken, and cheese into roughly 1/2 pieces. Toss in large bowl with dressing. Serve over Arugula and top with more shredded Parmesan.

Submitter: 
MontanaChef
Description: 
This is a summertime favorite of my family. The grilled bread, vegetables, and meats add that smoky char while the dressing adds the tang and sweetness. Serving over arugula gives the salad that peppery finish we all love. By not mixing the arugula into the dressing, you can save any leftovers and just warm slightly and then serve over the arugula.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10
Ready in:
40
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
