URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64741007/paleo-cookie-butter-cheesecake-bites-angela-sackett-everydaywelcomecom/
Title:
Paleo Cookie Butter Cheesecake Bites Angela Sackett | EverydayWelcome.com Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/6408703.jpg
Ingredients:
Crust:
1 cup almond flour
1 teaspoon coconut flour
¼ cup coconut sugar
3 tablespoons salted grass fed butter
1 teaspoon ground cinnamon
Paleo Cookie Butter Topping:
1 cup raw cashews
¼ cup salted butter, cut into pieces
1 tablespoon coconut flour
1/4 cup coconut sugar
3 teaspoons blackstrap molasses
2 teaspoons cinnamon
? teaspoon ground cloves
½ teaspoon vanilla
? teaspoon sea salt
Pinch black pepper
Filling:
1 1/2 cups raw cashews, soaked in boiling water for 30 minutes
¼ cup lemon juice
¼ cup coconut oil
?  cup cream from the top of full-fat canned coconut milk
¼ cup honey
½ teaspoon coconut flour
1 teaspoon vanilla bean powder*
Pinch of sea salt
*Or substitute 1 teaspoon vanilla extract

Directions:
For crust:
Lightly toast almond flour and coconut flour in a nonstick skillet over medium heat, just until it begins to smell toasty (be careful; it burns quickly).
Combine flours with remaining crust ingredients in a food processor or blender and using fingers, press about 1 heaping teaspoon evenly into the bottom of 8 silicone muffin molds (see notes).
Freeze for 10 minutes, while preparing filling.
Meanwhile, prepare topping and set aside:
Combine all cookie butter ingredients in food processor and process until fully blended.
Remaining “cookie butter” can be stored, sealed, in refrigerator for up to 1 week; it tastes delicious with fresh fruit or in a smoothie!
Prepare filling:
Drain cashews and add with remaining ingredients to high speed blender.
Process until creamy and fully combined.
Pour filling into cups on top of chilled crust and freeze for ten minutes.
Pour a dollop (about 1 teaspoon) of filling into each cup and swirl using the tip of a butter knife.
Return to freezer for 30 minutes to overnight before serving.
Notes:
Coconut oil can be used to replace butter if desired.
Vanilla extract can be used to replace vanilla bean powder.
All components can be made in either a food processor or high speed blender.  The blender is a bit more difficult to clean between each component, but it results in a much creamier “cheesecake” like texture for the filling.

Submitter: 
Angela Sackett  Superhotmama
Description: 
These mini cheesecakes are dairy-free, grain-free, and gluten-free.  They're naturally sweetened and they have the tart creaminess of a cheesecake (thanks to cashews!) and the spicy sweetness of the traditional speculoos cookie or cookie butter.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
