URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64744886/perfect-pasta-with-prosciutto-and-smashed-sweet-peas-ricotta/
Title:
Perfect Pasta with Prosciutto and Smashed Sweet Peas & Ricotta Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/6531483.jpg
Ingredients:
1 12 oz package of large Bow Tie pasta (or any Pantanella or Fettuccine pasta)
1 1/2 cup thawed frozen peas
2 tsp lemon zest (divided)
1/2 cup Ricotta cheese
1/2 tsp Kosher salt (to taste)
1/2 tsp fresh cracked Black pepper (to taste)
1/4 cup chives, chopped (for topping)
2 ounces thinly sliced Prosciutto ( approx. 6 slices)
3 tablespoons olive oil
1/4 cup reserved pasta cooking water
1/3 cup heavy cream
2 tablespoons unsalted butter

Directions:
Arrange  Proscuitto in single layer in large skillet over medium heat, turning once or twice until crisp. approx  5 min. Transfer to towel and drain oil.
Cook pasta per package directions (approximately 8-12 mins).  Reserve about 1/4 cup cooking water; drain pasta and return  to pot and add unsalted butter and mix to coat.
While pasta is cooking, pulse 1 cup thawed peas  in food processor until chopped(just a pulse or two).  Add 1 tsp lemon zest, ricotta and heavy cream. Pulse to combine till slightly smooth.
Season with  Kosher salt and fresh cracked black pepper to taste. (Remember the proscuitto has a lot of sodium already so adjust salt and pepper to taste as like)
Toss pasta with ricotta and remaining sweet peas, add reserved pasta water slowly  if need for a more creamy consistency.
Plate and top with chopped chives, reserved lemon zest  and remaining prosciutto chips.
Note: I like to play with creaminess/texture of pasta/ricotta ratio so you may like to adjust the heavy cream and reserved pasta water you add. I prefer a more dry mixture than a creamy sauce.

Submitter: 
Sahara B
Description: 
There is something about comfort pasta dishes. The combination of pasta, green peas, a creamy Ricotta and crispy  Prosciutto blend is just fulfilling and a hardy meal to feed a family on a simple and small budget. I am a busy person and sometimes the 30 minute meal is a save for dinner.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10
Ready in:
30
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
