URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64741968/roasted-and-stuffed-spaghetti-squash/
Title:
Roasted and Stuffed Spaghetti Squash Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/6437804.jpg
Ingredients:
1 Spaghetti squash
1 lb.Ground turkey
8 Fresh asparagus spears cut to 1/2 inch or so
Fresh cut basil (to taste - I use about a handful)
16 ounces Diced tomatoes (fresh or canned)
1/2 Diced yellow onion
4 minced garlic cloves
1 tsp. Salt
1 tsp.Pepper
1 tsp.Dried Oregano
2 tbsp. Olive oil
4 ounces Chicken broth

Directions:
Begin by slicing spaghetti squash in half lengthwise then remove seeds.
Coat inside of each squash half with olive oil, salt and pepper.
Place the squash, skin side up, on a tinfoil lined baking sheet into the oven a roast for 30-45 minutes  at 350 degrees (until fork tender).
Start browning the ground turkey in a skillet.
While the squash is roasting and the turkey is browning...  prepare your vegetables and seasonings and mix them together in a bowl.
Next, add the vegetables and seasonings you mixed to the turkey.
Stirring occasionally, let it cook for about 5 minutes.
Then, add the chicken broth a cook about 5 more minutes -or-until the asparagus is slightly tender.
*I wouldn't recommend covering the skillet with a lid or sauteing  for a longer period if you want vibrant veggies :)
When the spaghetti squash is done remove the meat of the squash with a fork and manipulate it to resembles strands like spaghetti. Put in a bowl and separate strands into a loose pile with a fork. (Try to maintain the integrity of the squash skin and you can using as a serving vessel)
Finally, place half of your spaghetti squash into a serving dish or the squash skin and top with your delicious turkey and vegetable sautee.
**Measurements are all a best guess guestimation.

Submitter: 
Melisa
Description: 
A low carb alternative to pasta -this dish features roasted spaghetti squash  stuffed with ground turkey  sauteed with asparagus, tomatoes, basil, onion and garlic.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
NA
