URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64740985/redbud-lavender-jelly/
Title:
Redbud Lavender Jelly Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/6531882.jpg
Ingredients:
6 cups of redbuds
4 tablespoons dried lavender flowers
4 cups boiling water
6 Tablespoons lemon juice
6 Tablespoons Sure-Jel powder
4 tablespoons vanilla
4 cups sugar
4 teaspoons butter

Directions:
Gather 6 cups of fresh, new redbud blooms.
It is not necessary to separate the small green bud bases from the flowers; use the full bud material you pull straight from the tree.
Check for any bugs, then place the red bud blooms and dried lavender blossoms in a container large enough to hold them plus 4 cups of water.
Heat just slightly over 4 cups water to a boil and then pour the boiling water over the blooms.  There will be a immediate change to the color, as the hot water begins wicking out the pink right away.
Stir your mixture gently then cover, placing in the refrigerator overnight.
The following day, pour your redbud tea through a strainer.
Smash/squish the tea from the flowers – releasing as much liquid as possible.
Pour  tea through a jelly bag making sure that all the particulates are filtered out of the liquid and squeeze out every drop of liquid.
Heat your redbud/lavender tea to boiling.
Add lemon juice and Sure-Jel and then bring once again to boil.
Add sugar, vanilla and 4 teaspoons butter, then heat to boiling and boil hard for 1 minute.
Using a whisk stir continually
Fill sterilized jars and seal.
Enjoy.
Produces about a dozen 4 ounce jars

Submitter: 
Shanda
Description: 
For myself and my family this is a spring time MUST!  We have to harvest enough redbuds to provide us will enough jelly to last the whole year as well as for presents to give to special loved ones!  Harvest the redbuds when the flowers are open and the leaves are starting to pop out on the tree.  This will ensure you get sweet redbuds as opposed to the younger more bitter ones.  Also check to make sure the trees have not been sprayed with chemicals. Enjoy!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 d
Ready in:
2 d
Number of servings: 
48
Nutritional Facts:
NA
