URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64741874/baked-siopao/
Title:
Baked Siopao Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Dough:
4 cups all purpose flour
1 tablespoon dry active yeast
pinch salt
1 cup milk
2 large eggs
1/2 cup vegetable oil
1/4 cup water
Filling:
1 lb ground pork
2 teaspoons vegetable oil
1 medium onion diced
3 cloves garlic minced
3 star anise
2 tablespoon cornstarch
2 tablespoons oyster sauce
3 tablespoon sugar
1/4 cup soy sauce
1 teaspoon ground black pepper
1 cup water

Directions:
Dough:
Heat the milk in the microwave for one minute or until it's lukewarm, not scalding.
If you have a bread machine, put all ingredients into the machine starting with the wet ingredients, and use the dough only setting.
If you don't have a bread machine, mix the wet ingredients together in a large measuring cup or bowl. Mix the dry ingredients in a large bowl. Mix the wet ingredients into the dry ingredients and stir to combine until all the flour is incorporated. Cover the bowl and let it rest for 15 minutes.
Turn the dough out onto a lightly floured surface.
Knead the dough for five minutes until it's smooth and elastic. Add a little flour if the dough is too sticky to work with.
Shape the dough into a smooth ball by tucking in folded ends under the ball.
Put the dough into a clean bowl, cover, and let it rise in a warm area until it's doubled in size. This will take anywhere from an hour to an hour and a half. I like taking a photo of the dough before rising to compare with the risen dough.
While the dough is rising, prepare the filling.
Put the ground pork in a bowl and with the soy sauce, oyster sauce, sugar, black pepper and cornstarch.
On medium heat, saute the onion, garlic and star anise with the vegetable oil for two minutes. Add the ground pork mixture and cook for 4-5 minutes, breaking up any large clumps of meat that may form.
Add water and simmer for 10 minutes, scraping the bottom occasionally.
The filling should be glazed but not soupy.
If the mixture is soupy, you can continue to simmer until the liquid has mostly evaporated or use a slotted spoon to strain the meat from the extra liquid.
Refrigerate the filling until the dough is ready.
Assembly:
Line a large baking sheet with parchment paper.
Preheat the oven to 100F and turn it off once it reaches that temperature.
Once the dough has doubled in size, portion it out by cutting golf ball sized pieces (or two-inch diameter) and arranging them on the baking pan, with an inch or two space in between.
Take one ball of dough, flatten into a circle with your hand to about 1/4 inch thickness or slightly larger than the palm of your hand.
Put 1 tablespoon of filling and place in the center of the dough.
Gather the edges of the dough at the top, twist and pinch to seal in the filling.
Put the bun back into its spot on the baking tray.
Repeat until all the buns have been filled.
Put the baking tray into the warmed (not hot) oven and rest until the buns have doubled in size, which will take approximately 30 minutes. Again, I like taking a picture before rising for reference later.
Once the buns have doubled in size, leave them in the oven and turn convection on to 325F.
Bake for 12-15 minutes or until the bottoms are lightly browned.

Submitter: 
AvelaineS
Description: 
This is my take on the Filipino steamed meat bun.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
3 h
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
NA
