URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64746163/crunchy-macaroni-and-cheese/
Title:
Crunchy Macaroni and cheese Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/6576015.jpg
Ingredients:
6 tablespoons butter (plus more for greasing)
1 pound rotini pasta
1/2 cup all-purpose flour
2 cups half and half, warmed
2 cups milk, warmed
1/2 teaspoon dry mustard powder
1/2 teaspoon kosher salt (plus more for boiling pasta)
1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper
1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper
Dash hot sauce
Dash Worcestershire sauce
12oz (3 cups) grated sharp cheddar cheese
6oz (1 1/2 cups) grated gruyere cheese
1 1/2 cups crushed goldfish snack crackers (or potato chips)
1/2 cup bread crumbs
4oz (1 cup) grated Parmesan cheese
6 slices cooked bacon, crumbled (optional)

Directions:
Heat the oven to 350 degrees Fahrenheit. Butter a 3-quart casserole dish.
Bring a large pot of generously salted water to a boil and cook the pasta until one minute before al dente (~5-6 min). Strain pasta and set aside (mix in a little olive oil to keep the noodles from sticking). Melt the butter in a large saucepan over medium heat. Add the flour and cook, stirring, for 1 minute. Warm the milk and half and half in a microwave (in a microwave-safe bowl) for 30 seconds or so. Whisk in the warmed milk/half and half and bring to a simmer, whisking constantly (the mixture will thicken as the heat increases).
Stir the dry mustard, salt, black pepper, cayenne, hot sauce and Worcestershire sauce into the thickened milk. Stir in the cheddar and the gruyere, until the cheeses melt.
Add the cooked pasta to the cheese sauce, and toss to combine. Pour into the prepared casserole dish.
Make the topping: In a medium bowl, combine the gold fish, Parmesan, bacon (if using) and bread crumbs. Sprinkle the crumb mixture on top of the macaroni and cheese, and bake for 35 minutes. For a crunchier topping, finish under the broiler for 2-3 minutes (monitor carefully and keep the oven door partially open), until golden brown and crisp. Remove from the oven and cool for 5 minutes before serving.

Submitter: 
TheElusivePastry
Description: 
Definitely not healthy!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
