URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64742019/cassava-flour-tortillas/
Title:
Cassava Flour Tortillas Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/6439252.jpg
Ingredients:
1/2 cup lukewarm water
1/4 tsp salt
1 cup cassava flour
2 and 1/2 tbsp vegetable oil

Directions:
Prepare a tortilla press with 2 pieces of parchment paper. Set aside.
Stir the salt into the warm water until  the salt melts.
In a bowl, add the flour, salt water, and oil.  Mix well with your hands until a smooth dough forms.
Move the dough to a smooth surface and lightly knead until the dough is compact and doesn’t crumble.
Separate into four equal pieces and roll them into balls. (about 50 grams each).
Heat a griddle on medium-high. Press one dough ball into the tortilla press. Carefully remove the paper away from one side and then the next side. Cook immediately. The dough can be tricky. Take care to peel away the parchment paper from one side of the tortilla then the other. Do not try to remove the tortilla from the parchment paper. It will stick. If this happens, scrape off the dough, reform a ball and put through the press again. The dough is delicate but forgiving. If necessary, dust with a bit of flour if too wet. Do not add too much or it will dry out and break during the cooking process.
Cook the tortilla on one side  until bubbles form. At this point flip it over and cook on the other side until browned. Do not try to flip before the bubbles form or the tortilla will break.
Serve immediately or cover with a cloth and reheat in the microwave for 30 seconds at 600W.

Submitter: 
Buckwheat Queen
Description: 
Soft and pliable, these easy to make cassava flour tortillas taste similar to a whole wheat tortilla but are naturally gluten free. Use them for your sloppiest filling and you’ll be surprised how well they hold up and how delicious they taste!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
