URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64746322/perfect-cheescake-/
Title:
~PERFECT~  Cheescake :) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
For the cheesecake...
2 pounds full-fat cream cheese, softened on the counter until room temperature
1 cup granulated sugar
1 tablespoon cornstarch, or 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour (optional)
1/8 teaspoon salt
1/4 cup sour cream
2 teaspoons freshly squeezed lemon juice (optional)
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
3 large eggs
1 large egg yolk
for the graham cracker crust..
12 whole graham cracker rectangles
6 T. butter, melted
1/8 to 1/4 c. granulated sugar (adjust to your sweetness preference.  I used 1/4)

Directions:
Get ready for the long haul. Sorry guys, but great cheesecake takes time, mostly just sitting around waiting for its tangy, cheesy perfections to be complete.  You can't rush it.  This is a "make the day before" dessert.  Deal.
The crust comes first...
Preheat oven to 350 degree, and place rack in lower middle position.
There are multiple options to prepare the springform pan.  You can spread softened butter  on the sides and bottom of the pan.  But if you want to go the extra mile, two pieces of parchment can be cut for the pan, a circle for the bottom and long rectangle to wrap around the inside.  Cutting it the same height as the pan and long enough to overlap itself when placed horizontally in the pan will make a nice barrier from sticking to the sides, and will peel off easily after the cake is released from the pan after baking and cooling.
Give each graham cracker rectangle a crush with your hand and place in the bowl of a food processor.  Process the graham crackers until they resemble fine crumbs. Add sugar and mix again. Add melted butter and mix thoroughly until it holds together when squeezed with your hand.
Pour crust mixture into the pan and press down firmly with your hand.  Using the bottom of a glass cup, press all around edges then in the center until the crust is flat and evenly distributed.
Bake at 350 degrees for 8-10 minutes in lower middle  until fragrant and edges are lightly golden.  Cool on rack at least until pan is cool enough to handle.

Submitter: 
Linda In Da Kitchen
Description: 
The perfect cheesecake, plain and simple.  Are you listening future generations?  Do all the things, exactly like this.  You won't be sorry.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
NA
