URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64746601/beet-and-goat-cheese-ravioli/
Title:
Beet and Goat Cheese Ravioli Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/6591271.jpg
Ingredients:
Filling:
3/4 lbs fresh beets
1 medium onion, whole
1 head of garlic (use 3 cloves)
1/4 tsp salt, or to taste
1/4 tsp freshly cracked black pepper
1 tsp fresh dill, chopped
4 oz goat cheese
Pasta Dough:
1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour
1 1/2 cups whole wheat flour
1/2 tsp salt
3 eggs, lightly beaten
1/3 cup warm water, or as needed
2 tbsps unsalted butter
Fresh dill, chopped (optional)
Goat cheese (optional)

Directions:
1. Preheat oven to 375 degrees. Individually wrap beets, onion, and head of garlic in tin foil. Place on a baking sheet, and bake at 375 degrees for about 60 minutes, or until beets are fork tender (cook time will vary greatly depending on the size of the beets). Remove the garlic after about 30 minutes cook time, or when it becomes soft. Allow beets, onion, and garlic to cool to room temperature.
2. Prepare dough. In a large bowl, mix together flours and salt. Make a well in the center and add in eggs. Gradually add in the water, about a tablespoon at a time, until dough comes together (more water may be needed depending on how dry your dough is). Pour dough onto work surface, and knead until smooth and elastic, about 8 minutes. Divide dough into 4 portions, wrap in plastic, and refrigerate, at least 1 hour.
3. Make filling. Peel skin off beets, onion, and 3 cloves of the roasted garlic (reserve the rest of the roasted garlic for another use). Cut beets in half, and place them in a food processor. Add in onion and garlic cloves, and pulse until smooth, scraping down sides as necessary. Add in salt, pepper, dill, and goat cheese, and pulse several times until thoroughly combined.
4. Make pasta. Remove 1 piece of dough from the fridge. Shape into a rough rectangle about 3x4 inches in size. Set pasta maker to the widest setting, and run dough through three times. Reduce pasta width setting to the next narrowest setting, and run pasta through twice. Continue to run pasta through pasta maker, dropping the width each time, until pasta is about 1/16" in thickness. Repeat with additional pieces of pasta dough, as needed--leaving the rest of the dough covered to prevent it from drying out.
5. Lay one sheet of pasta on your work surface. Place 1 tsp of beet filling on the dough about 3 inches apart. Lightly brush water around the edges of the filling. Gently place another sheet of pasta over the filling and press pieces together around the filling, removing as much air as possible, and seal firmly. Using a 2 1/2" cutter, cut raviolis from the dough, ensuring the filling is as centered as possible. Gently press edges again to seal. Place finished ravioli on a lightly floured baking sheet. Continue making pasta, and filling raviolis until all the beet filling is used. (You may have extra pasta dough--reserve for another use.)
6. When ready to serve, bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Place a few raviolis in at a time, and boil for about 3-5 minutes. Remove from water, and set aside. In another saucepan, heat 2 tbsps of unsalted butter over medium heat until melted. Add a few raviolis to the pan at a time, and cook 2 minutes, flip over, and cook an additional 2 minutes. Sprinkle with additional fresh dill or goat cheese, if desired.
Note: This ma

Submitter: 
Kim
Description: 
These are definitely a labor of love! Nevertheless, these raviolis taste great, and make for a stunning presentation. Using a pasta maker allows for the dough to be rolled as thin as possible to ensure that the beautiful filling can peek through. If you don't like whole wheat pasta, feel free to substitute the whole wheat flour for all-purpose.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
3 hrs
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
