URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64748811/miracle-whip-red-potato-salad/
Title:
Miracle whip Red Potato Salad Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Ingredients
•	4 new red potatoes, washed
•	3 eggs
•	1/2 pound bacon, fried crisp then broken into small bits.
•	1/2  sweet onion, finely chopped into ½ cubes
•	1 stalk celery, finely chopped into ½ cubes
•	1 cup miracle whip
•	Kosher salt and course pepper to taste
•	Ice Cubes about 2 cups

Directions:
Directions
1.	Bring a large pot of water to boil. Add potatoes add water and cook until tender. Place in Colander.  At the same time, cover 3 eggs with water, and
2.	Place eggs in a saucepan and cover with cold water. Bring water to a boil for 8 minutes and remove from heat pour over with eggs into the colander with potatoes. ..
3.	Remove egg after 15 minutes should be cold enough to peel and chop.
4.	In Medium bowl mashing up the yellow yoke, only chopping egg white into ½ inch or so chunks, in a medium bowl. Chop the egg whites a bit chunky.
5.	Place bacon in a large, deep skillet. Cook over medium high heat until crisp and brown. Drain, remove bacon onto paper towels to drain. Then pat dry any remaining oils. Once cool, crumble and set aside.
6.	 Remove any remaining ice on cooled potatoes, using another bowl, mash the potatoes with skins still on, until all large bit are mashed, but not creamy.
7.	Dump potatoes into the medium bowl with the eggs.
8.	Add, bacon, onion and celery. Add Miracle whip, salt and pepper to taste. Chill before serving.

Submitter: 
Chris
Description: 
Miracle whip Potato salad is a tasty item in the summer months, this is an easy to make recipe,  you can brown the bacon a hours ahead or a day ahead. just store in glass jar once cooled.
I use this neat onion chopper , I also use it to chop the stalk of celery too.  Link to chopper below. 
https://www.walmart.com/ip/Progressive-Onion-Chopper-Dicer/20469704
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10
Ready in:
2.5
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
