URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64741795/big-rays-sweet-potato-toast/
Title:
Big Ray's Sweet Potato Toast Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/6431227.jpg
Ingredients:
2 large sweet potatoes (about 1 lb each) scrubbed well
2 15 cans chickpeas, drained and liquid reserved
1 Tbsp extra virgin olive oil
1/2 tsp Spanish smoked paprika
1/2 tsp salt
3 Tbsp tahini
1 clove garlic, chopped
1 Tbsp fresh lemon juice

Directions:
Position racks in the upper and lower thirds of oven, preheat to 350.  Trim the pointed ends from sweet potatoes and trim small slice from 1 side of each so it sits well on cutting board.  Cut potatoes lengthwise into 1/4" slices.
Arrange in a single layer on large rimmed baking sheets.  Pierce slices several times with fork.  Scatter chickpeas (about 1 1/2 cups) on small rimmed baking sheet. Toss with olive oil, paprika and salt until evenly coated.
Bake sweet potatoes and chickpeas for about 10 minutes, then flip potatoes and continue to bake an additional 10 to 20 minutes (slices should be barley fork tender and chickpeas lightly browned).  Transfer to cooling rack.
While sweet potatoes are baking, combine remaining chickpeas, tahini, garlic, lemon juice, 1/4 tsp salt,and 1/4 cup of liquid from chickpeas into a blender or food processor.  puree until very smooth, stopping to scrape down the sides and continue to blend a few more minutes.  With motor running pour 1/4 cup of the liquid from chickpeas into into chickpea mixture, stopping to scrape down sides now and then, Mixture should be like a thick pancake batter, if too thick add more liquid from chickpeas 1 Tbsp at a time until you reach correct texture. Salt to taste.
Spread sweet potatoes with a tablespoon or two of the hummus.  Top with baked chickpeas, drizzle with olive oil and sprinkle with more paprika.

Submitter: 
bfr610
Description: 
The first thing to realize is that this isn't bread, the slices need to be baked until cooked but still stiff enough to be picked up for eating.  You can add additional toppings along with the hummus for this nutty and creamy appetizer/side dish.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
