URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64746674/white-lemon-bechemel-sauce-for-pasta-chicken-or-fish/
Title:
White Lemon Bèchemel Sauce for Pasta, Chicken or Fish Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/6776651.jpg
Ingredients:
A wire whisk (required)
2 T Unsalted butter
2 T AP flour
1 1/2 - 2 c whole milk
1/2 tsp white pepper
1/4 tsp freshly grated nutmeg
3 heads roasted garlic
1 T white onion, finely minced
2 T minced (and without stems) parsley, basil, cilantro or celery tops to preference.
1 cup grated parmigiano reggiano, pecorino or other hard, dry cheese with a bite to it.
Juice and zest of 1 medium lemon

Directions:
In a small bowl, combine minced onion, roasted garlic, 2 T squeezed lemon juice and nutmeg. Stir well into a paste, and set aside.
Make a roux:
In a medium-small saucepan over medium heat, melt the butter.
When melted, add flour.  Whisk the mixture constantly until the mixture's color turns from pale yellow to a light almond-tan color.  Whisk until they stick together; a ball forms, and this is a roux.
Continue, making the bèchemel sauce:
Immediately to the roux, add 1/4 c milk , and whisk briskly until incorporated.
Add lemon rind and stir briefly. Raise heat to medium high.
Continue to whisk, adding milk 1/4 c at a time until milk is entirely incorporated into the sauce.  Mixture will thicken before adding more milk.
After each addition of milk, you will keep whisking until the mixture thickens before adding more milk.
When all of the milk has been incorporated, the bèchemel sauce will be creamy.
Remove from heat and immediately add grated cheese, and stir until melted and mixture is again smooth.
Stir in garlic-lemon mixture.
Add white pepper.
If using on long noodles, with a very large tined serving fork lay noodles into sauce, and twist fork/noodles around into a circle in the sauce. This creates a pretty stacked swirl of cheesy noodles.   Remove carefully and set into center of heated dinner plate per person.
Garnish with a sprinkle of lemon rind, grated cheese and/or minced greens of choice, such as parsley, basil, cilantro or celery leafy tops.
If the flavor of lemon is what you are emphasizing, before placing the noodles or chicken or fish onto the plate, feel free to use 1/2-sliced lemon to rub a coat of lemon onto the surface area of the plate before laying the pasta-chicken-fish etc onto it. It'll add an extra zing.
One option that is great here, is to not add the garlic-lemon mixture to the sauce.  Instead, toss the cooked hot noodles with the mixture well with it.  Then continue to take the noodles with the large fork and swirl the servings in the sauce before placing onto the plate.
***A wire whisk is required in this sauce to eliminate lumps and bumps.  Before the cheese, onions, etc are added, the sauce should be completely smooth.  Substituting the whisking process with a fork will not salvage the lumps.  Please use a whisk.
*A roux is a thickening agent made with butter and flour.  It acts much like corn starch. If the butter-flour mixture is not cooked long enough (not turning tan like unblanched almonds in color) before adding the milk, your sauce will not thicken.
*Lemon goes well with poultry and fish as well as pasta and other baked vegetables.
*Also a great way to use this lemon bèchemel sauce is to use it in a potato gratin with or without chicken or fish.  Garnish the same with cheese, minced greens and

Submitter: 
BeachMom65
Description: 
null
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 min
Ready in:
30 min
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
