URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64747387/sous-vide-venison-w-sauce-chasseur/
Title:
Sous Vide Venison w/ Sauce Chasseur Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/6623247.jpg
Ingredients:
2 lb venison steak
2 cloves garlic, minced
4-5 stalks rosemary
Tbs worcestershire
4 tbs rub of your choosing
Butter for brushing
Butter for brushing
1.5 cup demiglace
4 tbs dry white wine
1 cup sliced white mushrooms
1 tomato diced
2 Minced shallot
2 tbs butter
2 Tbs flour
1/2 tsp black pepper
1/2 tsp sea salt

Directions:
1. Rub the venison down with minced garlic, steak rub and rosemary. Vacuum seal the meat in a freezer bag or, or place in a heavy duty ziploc and suck the air out with a straw. You want as little air as possible in the sealed bag, and for the plastic to be hugging the meat as tightly as possible.
2. Let meat sit overnight or at least 12 hours to absorb the flavors of the rubs and spices.
3. Fill a container with - gallon of water. Set your sous vide device 135 and let it get to temp. Submerge the meat into the water and let it sit 2-3 hours. The beauty of sous vide is it is impossible to dry or burn the meat, so feel free to leave it in longer.
4. Heat a grill or skillet to high temp. Remove the meat from water,and cut it out of the bag. Brush down with butter on all sides and sear, one minute per side. Tent the meat in foil and let set 10 min.
5.  While the meat is in water, melt butter In a saucepan on medium heat. Add shallots and mushrooms to pan and saute until tender.
6. Stir in flour to make a roux, let cook a few min to burn off flour taste.
7. Slowly whisk in demiglace. Let simmer a few minutes.
8. Add in wine and tomatoes. Let simmer on med-low for 10-15 min. As it reduces further it will take on the sauce-like consistency you want.
9. Salt and pepper to taste and serve over meat of your choice.
10. Cut meat into slices and ladle sauce over top. Serve immediately.

Submitter: 
Brian Genest
Description: 
The sous vide method is peeeerfect for wild game. Lean meats of venison, boar, rabbit, etc. is infamously easy to dry out, but with this method its virtually impossible to get less than a perfect steal every time. Top with sauce chasseur (hunter’s sauce) for a classic French entree.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
