URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64742332/roasted-garlic-and-onions/
Title:
Roasted Garlic and Onions Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/6443294.jpg
Ingredients:
4-6 Heads of Garlic (do not use elephant garlic)
1 Large Red or Yellow Onion
1 3/4 c Olive or other cooking oil
3-4 T Unsalted Butter
Salt, any kind
Pepper, any kind, ground

Directions:
PREHEAT:
Oven at 380•F and have center rack ready.
PREPARATION:
1.
Keeping root base untouched, cut only a bit off the top of 4 garlic heads, leaving about 1" open on top of each.   (Do not peel papery skin off; they protect the cloves inside) See photos.
2.
Set garlic heads root-side down in cast iron skillet. Cover exposed tops with 1 tsp of butter.
3.
Thickly slice a red onion, and halve the thick slices, ending up with 2 halves to each thick slice.
(Do not take apart slices. Keep whole as halves. ) See photos
4.
Set sliced halves around the garlic in the skillet.
5.
Salt and pepper the garlic openings and the onion slabs.
6.
Pour 1 to 1 3/4  cups olive oil or corn oil over garlic and onions, ensuring nothing is dry.  All must be coated. Pieces do not have to be submerged over their tops with oil so long as there is about 1/2" height of oil in the skillet after the garlic and onions have been added.)
7.
Set skillet on center rack of oven.  Covering with a lid is optional.
8.
Allow to bake for 50 minutes.
9.
COOL COMPLETELY.
10.
Pop/squeeze  mushy garlic cloves into a bowl.
11.
Remove and chop onion slices.
12.
Mix garlic and onion and adjust seasonings accordingly.
13.
Add back into the oil, or store oil separately in a dressing bottle, in the fridge.
Optional::
Mix garlic and onion with unsalted butter and keep in fridge or freezer, well wrapped.  Do this by pouring the wet mixture into ice cube trays for freezing.  Wait until the mixture is frozen before transferring to a freezer container, into the freezer.
It's ready for garlic bread, top a grilled steak, use on biscuits and toss into pasta with grated parmesan and lemon zest. It is exceptionally suited for mashed potatoes, to toss on freshly steamed vegetables, you name it.
Finito!

Submitter: 
BeachMom65
Description: 
These are probably the easiest secret weapons of my kitchen because they really take no effort to make, they refrigerate and freeze beautifully.  Use in garlic mashed potatoes, or use the bottled oil along with fresh herbs and your favorite vinegar for stylish dressings, a coating for baked fish or to brush onto pizza dough before baking.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
1
Nutritional Facts:
NA
