URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64748037/slow-cooker-bread/
Title:
Slow Cooker Bread Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/6649311.jpg
Ingredients:
3 ½ cups bread flour
2 ¼ tsp (or 1 packet) dry active yeast (regular or fast-rising; either works)
3 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil
1 tsp sugar
1 tsp sea salt
cooking spray
handful of chopped jalapenos (or pickles, if making pickle bread))
roughly 1 tbsp chopped herbs (oregano, sage, rosemary, thyme) of your choice, dried or fresh (or dill weed, if making pickle bread)
about 1/2 cup shredded cheese (optional)
1-1/4 cups of water + jalapeno juice (or pickle juice, if making pickle bread)

Directions:
In the bowl of an electric mixer (or a large bowl), mix room-temperature water/juice mixture, yeast, and sugar. Let sit until mixture becomes bubbly, about 5 minutes.
If liquid is cold, microwave for 45 seconds before adding yeast, and/or run mixing bowl under hot water for 45 seconds.
Once yeast has become bubbly, add flour, olive oil, herbs, jalapenos or pickles, and cheese (if using).
Using a dough hook in electric mixer, mix on medium speed for 5-6 minutes, or until dough is smooth and elastic. If you don’t have an electric mixer, knead dough by hand.
Spray the insert of your slow cooker with cooking spray oil. Shape dough into a loaf, place in slow cooker, and sprinkle the top with sea salt. Drape a thin kitchen towel, cheese cloth, or paper towel over the top of the slow cooker before putting the lid on. This will absorb any moisture to keep it from dripping on the bread.
Optional: Let rise for 1 hour 30 minutes. Turn the slow cooker on low for 15 minutes; then turn it off and let the bread rise for another hour and 15 minutes. If you would rather have a smaller, more dense loaf of bread, or if you don’t have time, skip this rising step.
Cook on High for 1 hour 30 minutes, then on Low for 15 minutes, until bottom of bread is browned and completely cooked.
Remove from slow cooker and let cool before slicing--the moisture may collect at the bottom, so you can place the loaf on its side or on a pizza pan with holes to help keep the bottom from getting soggy.
Enjoy!

Submitter: 
craftyreason
Description: 
This is a basic recipe for baking rustic jalapeno or pickle bread in a slow cooker.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
3 1/2  h
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
