URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64748673/wild-rice-and-morel-mushroom-faux-sotto/
Title:
Wild Rice and Morel Mushroom 'Faux-sotto' Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/6672673.jpg
Ingredients:
1 cup wild rice
1 cup brown rice
1/2 lbs morel mushrooms, chopped
2 carrots, diced
2 stalks celery, diced
1 onion, diced
2 cloves garlic, minced
1/2 cup dry white wine
1 tsp dried thyme
salt and black pepper, to taste
6 cups chicken broth, or as needed
3 cups water, or as needed
2 tbsps olive oil
2 tbsps unsalted butter, divided
1/4 cup heavy cream
Pecorino Romano cheese (optional)

Directions:
1. In a large stockpot, combine chicken broth and water. Heat over medium-high until boiling, reduce heat to low and keep warm while preparing other ingredients.
2. In a large Dutch oven, heat olive oil and 1 tbsp butter over medium heat until butter is melted. Add in brown rice and cook until toasted, about 5 minutes, stirring constantly. Add in wild rice, carrots, celery, onions, garlic, and half the amount of morel mushrooms. Continue to cook until onions are translucent, an additional 3-5 minutes, stirring occasionally. Pour in white wine, and cook until evaporated.
3. Mix in half of the heated broth/water mixture. Stir, cover, and cook over medium heat for 30 minutes, stirring every 5 minutes. Add in the rest of the broth/water mixture, thyme, and rest of the morels. Cover, and continue to cook over medium heat for another 30-40 minutes, or until wild rice is tender, stirring every 5 minutes. If mixture begins to get too dry, and the rice is still undercooked, add additional liquid, if necessary. On the other hand, if mixture is too runny, cook uncovered until thickened.
4. Stir in the other 1 tbsp of butter, and heavy cream. Cook 1 minute, or until butter in melted. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Serve topped with Pecorino Romano cheese, if desired.

Submitter: 
Kim
Description: 
Two of my favorite Northwoods ingredients come together to make a risotto-like meal! Using a mix of wild rice, brown rice, and morel mushrooms ensures a nice creamy, and 'earthy' flavor. If your morels are particularly large, make sure to chop them into 1/2 pieces.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
