URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64745187/grapefruit-marmalade/
Title:
Grapefruit Marmalade Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/6540660.jpg
Ingredients:
4 organic Ruby red grapefruit, washed
3 cups granulated sugar

Directions:
Thoroughly wash and dry the grapefruits. Run a zester around the peel of two grapefruit getting ribbons of zest. Set aside. With a sharp paring knife, cut away thin strips of peel from the other two grapefruit. With these strips you want some of the white pith to help solidify the marmalade as this contains vital pectin. It will also give the marmalade its signature slight bitterness.
Peel of all remaining outer white part of the fruit. Cut the grapefruit into wheels. Remove any seeds.
Put the grapefruit wheels, zest strips into a non-reactive saucepan. Add the sugar and stir well to cover the fruit with the sugar.
Heat over medium-high heat until bubbling. Mixing constantly, smash the heated fruit until it liquifies. Cook over a low but steady boil, stirring often. Remove and discard any persistent white froth that won’t disappear after being stirred. Continue to cook for about 10 minutes.
Once the marmalade begins to coat the back of a spoon, add the zest ribbons (the ones without the pith attached. Cook for five minutes more. Place a small amount of marmalade on a plate and put it in the freezer. After 3 minutes, test the consistency. Remove the marmalade from the heat when the consistency of the freezer-tested sample meets your desired density.
Pour into sterile jars and seal. If not using the water-bath method, allow to cool completely then store in refrigerator. If using the water-bath method, allow to set for 24 hours before consuming.

Submitter: 
Buckwheat Queen
Description: 
Ruby red grapefruit and sugar is all you need to have a slightly bitter, sweet, and tangy marmalade. Try this on toast or, for a twist, use it in any recipe calling requiring orange jam or marmalade. I have used it on meatballs and chicken wings with delicious results. Make sure you use organic grapefruit to ensure an edible zest.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
