URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64749536/smoked-turkey-breast/
Title:
Smoked Turkey Breast Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/6701939.jpg
Ingredients:
7-8 lb Turkey Breast
64 oz Apple Cider
1 Cup Kosher Salt
1 Cup Sugar
1 Head of Garlic (smashed to expose all of the cloves)
2 Tbs Whole Peppercorns (divided)
2-3 Sprigs (4-inch long) of fresh Rosemary
1/4 Cup Vinegar
4 Cups Ice
1/4 Cup Brown Sugar
1 Tbs Fresh Ground Pepper
1 Tbs Garlic Powder
1 Tbs Ground Thyme
1 Tbs  Ground Sage
1 Tbs Ground Chili Powder
2 Tbs Olive Oil
4 Cups Chicken Stock
1 Lemon Zested and squeezed
4 Bay Leaves
2 Sprigs (4-inch long) of Sage
4-5 Cups Apple Wood Chips
Optional Mop:
1/2 Cup Apple Cider
1/2 Cup Chicken Stock
1/4 Cup Cider Vinegar

Directions:
Heat the apple cider in a stock pot large enough to hold the turkey breast. Add the kosher salt and sugar and stir until dissolved. Bring the brine to a slight simmer and add the garlic, whole peppercorns, rosemary sprigs and vinegar. Simmer for two to three minutes remove from heat and add the ice.
Allow the brine to cool to room temperature and submerge the turkey in the brine, breast side down. Cover tightly and refrigerate for 12-24 hours
Soak the wood chips, get the smoker started, and bring to a medium smoking temperature (215-225 degrees)
Combine the brown sugar, ground pepper, garlic powder, thyme, sage, and chili powder to create a rub. Rinse the turkey thoroughly with cold water and pat completely dry with paper towels. Using your finger, separate the skin from the breast meat and generously apply the rub directly to the meat. Replace the skin and rub the entire turkey breast with olive oil.
If you are using a water smoker add the chicken stock, lemon zest, lemon juice, bay leaves and sage sprigs to the water pan, otherwise you will need to cut the top off of a large beer can (Fosters) fill the beer can with the ingredients and place the can in the turkey cavity.
Place the turkey in the smoker and add about one cup of soaked wood chips to the charcoal. Add an additional cup of wood chips every half hour while the turkey cooks. General rule of thumb is to smoke the turkey for 1/2 hour per pound (between 3.5 and 4 hours for a 7-8 pound turkey) or until the meat reach 165 degrees. NOTE you will run out of chips before the turkey is fully cooked. The first 2-3 hours is sufficient to impart plenty of smoke flavor. An optional mop could be applied every half hour, but is not necessary with a brined turkey breast and will extend the cooking time.

Submitter: 
Sapper26
Description: 
null
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
24 hrs
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
