URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64747077/broiled-portobello-mushrooms-with-bell-peppers/
Title:
Broiled Portobello Mushrooms with Bell Peppers Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/6612384.jpg
Ingredients:
Two or Three Portobello Mushroom Caps
One Beefsteak Tomato, diced / One Jar Sun-Dried Tomatoes
Two Cloves Garlic, minced
Two Artichoke Hearts, quartered and chopped (eight quarters)
One Red or Orange Bell Pepper, chopped
One Zucchini, sliced and chopped
10 Large Leaves Basil, chopped
¼ Cup Parmesan Cheese
¼ Cup Panko Bread Crumbs
2 Tbsp Olive Oil for sauté
¼ Cup Olive Oil for marinade
¼ Cup Balsamic Vinegar
One Lemon, halved and juiced
Five Sprigs Thyme, leaves stripped
Salt and Pepper to Taste
Parmesan Cheese for Garnish

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 400°F.
In a measuring cup, mix balsamic vinegar, ¼ cup olive oil, and thyme. Chop a lemon in half and juice the halves, pour the juice through a strainer (to keep seeds out) into the marinade. Whisk the marinade until the olive oil and Balsamic vinegar are one even mixture.
Wash the mushroom caps and place them in a glass dish (that can be used for marinating). Pour the marinade over them, cover the dish, and let them sit for fifteen minutes.
Transfer them to a metal baking pan lined with foil, gills up, cover them with some of the marinade and salt and pepper to taste, and bake in the preheated oven for 30 minutes.
Slice the zucchini and chop the slices into halves (or quarters if the zucchini is large). De-seed and chop the pepper into bite-size pieces.
Remove the core of the tomato and dice the fruit. Chop the artichoke hearts (they may be pre-quartered) and basil.
Sauté the pepper and zucchini in 2 Tbsp olive oil for fifteen minutes; add tomato, artichoke hearts, basil, and peeled & minced garlic during the last five minutes.
Once the fifteen minutes are up, turn the heat off and mix in an even mixture of Panko bread crumbs and Parmesan cheese.
Once the mushrooms are done baking, take them out of the oven and add the sauté mixture on top. Sprinkle some Parmesan cheese on top of that for garnish.
Put the oven into broiler mode, and place the pan in the broiler for two minutes (with the door open), or until the Parmesan is bubbly.
Take the pan out and use a spatula to place the mushrooms (one per serving) onto the serving plate, if any is left, surround it with the sauté mixture. Serve immediately.

Submitter: 
Chef AidF
Description: 
There's quite a bit more than mushrooms and bell peppers in this dish. It's a hearty and substantial dish, using whole mushroom caps and a generous topping of vegetables.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
3
Nutritional Facts:
NA
