URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64741063/cookie-butter-cheesecake/
Title:
Cookie Butter Cheesecake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/6411147.jpg
Ingredients:
Crust:
1 7-ounce package caramelized spiced Belgian Cookies, such as Trader Joe's Speculoos Cookies, divided use
1/3 cup unsalted butter, softened
Filling:
4 8-ounce packages cream cheese, softened
3/4 cup granulated sugar
1 14.1-ounce jar Trader Joe's Speculoos Cookie Butter, divided use
2 teaspoons vanilla extract
1/2 teaspoon ground ginger
5 large eggs
1 cup bits o' brickle baking chips
Topping:
1 cup sour cream
1/2 cup Trader Joe's Speculoos Cookie Butter
1/2 cup bits o' brickle baking chips
6 caramelized spiced Belgian Cookies, broken into small pieces

Directions:
Preheat oven to 425.
Put 1/2 inch of water in a large pan and place it in the oven, as the oven is heating, to create a water bath.
To make the crust, reserve 6 cookies from the package and set aside.  Break up the remaining cookies and place in a blender.  Pulse several times, until the cookies are uniform crumbs.
In a medium sized bowl, place the softened butter, and add the crumbs.  Use a fork or pastry knife to combine the crumbs with the butter.
Wrap the bottom of a 9" spring form pan with aluminum foil, to create a water-proof barrier.
Add the buttered cookie crumbs to the spring form pan and press them evenly on the bottom of the pan to form a crumb crust.  Refrigerate, until the filling is ready.
To make the filling, place the cream cheese, granulated sugar, 1 cup of the cookie butter, vanilla, and ground ginger in a the bowl of an electric mixer.  (You may use a hand mixer and large mixing bowl, if you prefer.)  Use medium to high speed to combine, as this will be quite thick.
Add eggs, one at a time, beating after each addition.  Scrape the bowl with a spatula as needed.
Stir in 1 cup o bits o' brickle chips.
Retrieve prepared pan and crust from the refrigerator and pour in the filling, using a knife or spatula to make the top even.
Carefully place the pan into the water bath, adding water, if necessary, and bake at 425 degrees for 12 minutes.
At the end of 12 minutes, reduce the oven temperature to 350, and continue to bake for another 50-60 minutes, or until the top of the cheesecake is golden brown.  Add water as necessary, since there will be some evaporation.
When done, place cheesecake on a rack to cool completely.
When cheesecake is at room temperature, make the topping by whisking together 1 cup sour cream and the remaining cookie butter, about 1/2 cup.
Spread the top of the cheesecake with the topping.  Sprinkle 1/2 cup bits o' brickle and the reserved cookies on top.
Refrigerate at least 4 hours prior to serving.

Submitter: 
Bibi
Description: 
null
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
5 h
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
