URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64750996/gourmet-pizza/
Title:
Gourmet Pizza Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/6751454.jpg
Ingredients:
14 oz. Pizza Dough
8 oz. Mozzarella Cheese, grated
Two Italian Sausages (pork or poultry), cut into discs
28 oz. Peeled San Marzano Tomatoes (canned)
2 Tbsp Butter
2 Tbsp Olive Oil
¼ Cup Parmesan Cheese, grated
1 Tbsp Olive Oil
One Onion, peeled and chopped in half
Two Cloves Garlic, Minced
Two Sprigs Basil (whole)
12 Leaves Basil, chopped
1 tsp Sugar
1 Tbsp Dried Oregano
Enough Olive Oil for a light coating on the baking pan

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 400°F.
Pour the tomato mixture into a food processor and purée until the mixture is smooth.
Add butter, 2 Tbsp olive oil, minced garlic, and oregano to a pot, and turn the heat on. Once the butter is melted, add the tomato mixture.
Add two whole sprigs of basil and one peeled and halved onion to the mixture. Gently simmer, uncovered for 50 minutes to an hour, stirring occasionally.
In the meantime, chop 1½ or two Italian sausages into discs and sauté in 1 Tbsp olive oil until they start to brown, about 20 minutes, then turn the heat off and set them aside.
14oz. of dough can make a medium-sized pizza or two plate-sized pies; to make the latter, cut it in half with a scissors or knife.
Put your hands under the dough and stretch it to form a circle about a quarter inch thick. Place it on a baking sheet covered with lightly oiled aluminum foil and adjust it further if necessary.
When the sauce is done, remove the onion and basil leaves, and add a coating of tomato sauce to the top of the dough, being sure to spread it to the entire pizza.
Add a generous layer of mozzarella cheese, spread to the entire pizza; followed with a sprinkling of parmesan, spread to the entire pizza. Top with cut basil leaves and the cooked sausage pieces.
Bake for 20 minutes, let cool, and serve.

Submitter: 
Chef AidF
Description: 
This was my first attempt at a pizza. I made it for the first time simultaneously with another pizza recipe. It's a traditional gourmet pizza open to modifications and experimentation.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30min
Ready in:
1hr 40min
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
