URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64757138/orange-berry-pavlova/
Title:
Orange-Berry Pavlova Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/6969147.jpg
Ingredients:
Pavlova Base:
6 egg whites, room temperature
1/2 tsp cream of tartar
Pinch of salt
1 cup sugar
1 tsp vanilla extract
1/2 tsp almond extract
1 1/2 tsps corn starch
Orange Whipped Cream:
2 cups heavy whipping cream
Zest of 1 large orange
1 tsp vanilla extract
Topping:
1 large orange, peeled and sliced
3/4 cups mixed fresh berries

Directions:
1. Preheat oven to 250 degrees. Draw a 9 inch circle on a large sheet of parchment paper. Place parchment on a large baking sheet with the drawn circle facing down, and ensuring that the circle is centered in the pan.
2. In a large bowl, beat together egg whites, cream of tartar, and salt on high speed until soft peaks form. Add in sugar 1 tbsp at a time, beating continuously, until stiff glossy peaks form. Mix in extracts. Sift corn starch over the egg mixture and gently fold in until just combined.
3. Pour egg mixture into the center of the circle on the parchment paper on the prepared pan. Starting from the center and moving outwards, gently form the meringue into a round no larger than the drawn circle. Create an impression in the center of the meringue so the edges are slightly taller than the middle. Place into preheated oven and bake for 1- 1 1/2 hours or until the pavlova feels firm and dry to the touch.  Shut oven off and leave in oven to cool for at least 1 hour.
4. Prepare whipped topping. Pour heavy whipping cream into a large bowl. Beat at medium-high speed until soft peaks form. Add in orange zest and vanilla extract and beat until combined.
5. Assemble pavlova. Gently remove pavlova base from parchment paper and place onto serving tray. Top with whipped cream, oranges slices, and mixed berries. Serve immediately.

Submitter: 
Kim
Description: 
A sweet, marshmallow-y base, topped with unsweetened orange-flavored cream and fresh berries, makes for an impressive and delicious dessert!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
3-4 hrs
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
