URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64751314/lemon-blueberry-scones-with-blueberry-glaze/
Title:
Lemon-Blueberry Scones with Blueberry Glaze Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/6765602.jpg
Ingredients:
1 cup all-purpose flour
1 1/4 cup whole wheat flour
1/4 cup sugar
2 1/2 tsps baking powder
1/2 tsp baking soda
1/2 tsp salt
1 tsp ground cardamom
1/4 tsp ground ginger
1 tsp lemon zest
1/2 cup unsalted butter, frozen
1/2 cup whole milk Greek yogurt
3 tbsps heavy cream
1 egg
2 tsps vanilla extract
1 cup frozen blueberries, unthawed
Egg Wash:
1 egg
1 tsp water
Blueberry Glaze:
1/4 cup frozen blueberries, thawed
1 tbsp fresh lemon juice
2/3 cup powdered sugar

Directions:
1. Preheat oven to 400 degrees. Line a  large baking sheet with parchment paper. Set aside.
2. In a large bowl, combine all-purpose flour, whole wheat flour, sugar, baking powder, baking soda, salt, cardamom, ginger, and lemon zest.
3. Using a box grater, grate frozen butter. Add grated butter into flour mixture. Using two forks or a pastry blender, mix butter into dry ingredients until the mixture resembles coarse crumbs.
4. In a small bowl, thoroughly combine Greek yogurt, heavy cream, egg, and vanilla. Add to dry mixture, and stir just until no dry clumps of flour remain. Dough will still be very crumbly at this point. Stir in frozen blueberries.
5. Pour crumbly dough onto the parchment-lined baking sheet. Press dough together firmly until it forms a cohesive 8 inch circle. Flatten top to ensure the circle is even. Cut the dough into 8 triangular pieces. Arrange the pieces 1 inch apart on the parchment-lined baking sheet.
6. In a small bowl, make the egg wash. Whisk together 1 egg with 1 tsp of water, until combined. Gently brush over the top of each scone. Place scones into preheated oven and bake 20-25 minutes, or until the tops are golden brown. Cool completely.
7. Make blueberry glaze. Place 1/4 cup thawed frozen blueberries (along with any juice they may have released) into a fine mesh strainer set over a medium sized bowl. Using the back of a wooden spoon, firmly press blueberries into sieve to extract their juice (or until you get approximately 2-3 tbsps of juice). Discard skins and seeds. Whisk lemon juice and powdered sugar into the blueberry juice until smooth. Drizzle blueberry glaze over cooled scones.

Submitter: 
Kim
Description: 
Definitely not your traditional scone! These scones have a bit of whole wheat flour, a bit of Greek yogurt, a touch of cardamom and ginger--and a nice lemon-blueberry flavor, that gets amped up by the addition of a blueberry glaze.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
40 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
