URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64750903/keto-instant-pot-ribs/
Title:
Keto INSTANT POT RIBS Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Seasoning
2 tbsp vegetable oil
Salt to taste
2 pork ribs (baby back ribs)

Directions:
1. Put pork ribs on a baking tray and rub paste all over them.
2. Cover and leave to marinate for about 1 hr.
3. Add trivet to bottom of inner pot of Instant Pot. Add pork ribs on top of trivet, then add stock to inner pot.
4. Lock the lid, set valve to SEALING position, select ‘manual’ or ‘pressure cook’ (dependent upon Instant Pot model), high pressure and 20 mins cook time.
5. When cook time ends, turn the Instant Pot off and let the pressure release naturally before opening the pot and removing the ribs.
(optional but highly recommended) After removing the ribs from the Instant Pot, broil them for 5 mins (or to your preference) on a baking tray to give them colour.
6. Let the ribs rest for a few mins and serve.
GRILL INSTRUCTIONS:
Light the barbeque to medium heat.
You will cook the ribs indirectly. This means that you move the coals to one side and put the ribs on the other side.
Put the ribs into the bbq (not over the coals) and then cover the bbq. If you have a thermometer for your bbq it will be between 100ºC and 150ºC (210ºF and 300ºF).
Check the ribs after about 20 mins. The meat should be just beginning to pull away from the ends of the bones. If the ends nearest the coals are starting to get dark brown or black, turn over the ribs. If not, give them another 10 mins.
Turn over the ribs and continue to cook for another 20 mins.
At this stage have a look at the ribs and cut into the middle of them. There should be no blood. If there is, cook for a little longer.
Take off the bbq and let the ribs rest for at least 10 mins then serve.

Submitter: 
Joseph Alvarado
Description: 
Keto INSTANT POT RIBS
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1
Ready in:
2hr 25
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
