URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64750214/mexican-casserole/
Title:
Mexican Casserole Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/6721690.jpg
Ingredients:
1 1/2 lb. hamburger meat
1 bag  (14. oz)  of  Frito's Original Corn Chips
1 pk of Old El Paso Taco Original Seasoning Mix
1/2 cup water
1 can (10.5 oz) Campbell's Condensed Cream of Mushroom soup
2 can ( 4 oz) of fire roasted green chilies
1 can  ( 6 oz) of French's Original Crispy Fried Onions
2 cups of cheese, ( I use  1 cup Mexican cheese and  1 cup sharp cheddar, but up to your taste)

Directions:
Lay 3/4th of the bag of Frito  in a cake pan (13 x 9) or a baking dish that size.  set aside.
Turn oven on 375F.
On your cook top, cook hamburger meat  on medium in a  medium skillet  heat until no long pink in the middle,  add into colander,and wash with warm water until oils are off meat.
Replace meat back in pan, add 1/2 cup water and the taco seasoning mix to the meat and stir until no longer pink then add 3 minuets more.. just to be sure.
turn heat to low for this step, add the cream of mushroom soup, mix in well, add green chilies and mix well.
Transfer mix into 9x13 cake pan on top of the Frito's, ( easy way is to just dump mix ) you can spoon, but it will take longer and requires longer time in the oven.
smooth mixer out , add your cheese on top, and the onions last.
cook  in pre-heated oven until the onions are turning a nice golden brown or slightly darken brown and cheese is melted. about 15 minuets.
Serve HOT, with taco sauce if preferred.

Submitter: 
Chris
Description: 
Easy to fix, fast to leave the pan, easy clean up usually with no leftovers, this is a twist the bed of chips are made with Frito's  instead of tortilla chips. It is some good eathin!  As a NOTE: I wash all of my hamburger meat in a colander with running water to get all the oils off in every dish I make)   the key to making a good cass is using name brands..
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10
Ready in:
45
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
