URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64752390/blackberry-curd-tart/
Title:
Blackberry Curd Tart Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/6807997.jpg
Ingredients:
Crust:
1 1/4 cups whole wheat flour
3/4 cup whole raw almonds
1/4 tsp salt
3 tbsps unsalted butter, melted
2 tbsps maple syrup
1 tsp vanilla extract
Filling:
21 oz fresh blackberries (approximately 2 2/3 cups)
1/2 cup sugar
1/4 tsp lemon zest
1 tbsp lemon juice
2 tbsps corn starch
3 eggs, lightly beaten
1 egg yolk, lightly beaten
3 tbsps unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch pieces
1 cup fresh blackberries (optional)

Directions:
1. Place blackberries in a large pot over medium heat. Cook until berries pop and release their juices, about 10 minutes. Using the back of a wooden spoon, press berries through a fine mesh sieve set over a large bowl to collect approximately 1 cup blackberry juice. Discard seeds and pulp. Allow juice to cool to room temperature.
2. Prepare crust. Preheat oven to 350 degrees and lightly grease a 9" tart pan with removable bottom. Place flour, almonds, and salt into a food processor. Process several times until combined, and almonds are finely ground. Add in melted butter, maple syrup, and vanilla. Pulse several more times until mixture resembles wet sand. Pour crumbly mixture into prepared tart pan. Press mixture very firmly and evenly into the bottom and sides of the pan. Bake in preheated oven for 20 minutes, or until edges of crust are lightly browned. Cool on wire rack while preparing filling.
3. Prepare blackberry curd. Whisk together sugar, cornstarch, and salt in a large heat-safe bowl. Mix in the cooled blackberry juice, eggs, egg yolk, lemon juice, and zest until smooth. Bring a pot of water to a low simmer. Place bowl with blackberry mixture over the pot of simmering water, making sure bowl does not touch water. Cook, stirring constantly, until mixture thickens enough to coat the back of a spoon, about 10 minutes. Remove bowl from heat and stir in butter a piece at a time, ensuring each piece melts before adding the next. Pour custard mixture through a fine-mesh sieve into the prepared crust.
4. Bake at 350 for 20-25 minutes, or until filling is just set. Allow tart to cool completely before removing from pan. Top with additional fresh blackberries just before serving, if desired.

Submitter: 
Kim
Description: 
Have a surplus of blackberries? Why not make them into a delicious and beautiful tart? Make sure to adjust the amount sugar in the filling according to how sweet your berries are--if they're a bit tart, try 2/3 cup sugar instead of a 1/2 cup.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 hr
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
