URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64750860/keto-instant-pot-low-carb-green-chile-pork-taco-bowl/
Title:
KETO INSTANT POT LOW-CARB GREEN CHILE PORK TACO BOWL Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Pork sirloin roast, about 2 lbs., trimmed and cut into thick slices cut against the grain
2 tsp. ground cumin
2 tsp. garlic powder
1 tsp. salt
1 tsp. fresh ground black pepper
1 T olive oil
16 oz. Green Chile Tomatillo Salsa (Hatch)
2 limes (squeezing over pork)
Grated Mexican blend cheese
Sour cream
Cherry Tomatoes
2 Avocados
Salsa

Directions:
1. Trim the pork roast to remove visible fat and any undesirable parts.
2. Then cut the meat into thick slices, cutting against the grain so when you shred the pork later you’ll get nice short pieces. (Read this post on How to Slice Meat Against the Grain if you’re not sure about that.)
3. Mix the ground cumin, garlic powder, salt, and pepper and rub the meat on both sides with that mixture.
4. Heat the oil in a large frying pan (or in the Instant Pot if you don’t mind browning the meat in two batches.) Cook meat over medium-high heat (or use SAUTE in the Instant Pot) until it’s nicely browned on both sides.
5. Put browned pork in the bottom of the Instant Pot and pour in the Green Chile Tomatillo Salsa. 6. Lock the lid and set to MANUAL, HIGH PRESSURE, and 45 minutes.
7. When the time is up use NATURAL RELEASE for at least 20 minutes; then use quick release to release the rest of the pressure.
8. Remove the pork to a cutting board and use forks to shred apart. Turn the Instant Pot to KEEP WARM, and put the meat back in.
9. While the meat is cooking, follow instructions to make Best Easy Cauliflower Rice.
Cauliflower Recipe
Add a steamer basket to the bottom on the Instant Pot with a cup of water. Remove the core from the cauliflower and roughly chop it or break it with your hands into individual florets. Close the lid and set the valve to the Sealing position. Cook on high pressure for 3 minutes.
To serve, put cauliflower rice mixture into the bottom of a serving bowl and add pork
Squeeze lime over if desired, and top with grated Mexican Blend Cheese and sour cream, plus any other taco toppings as desired.

Submitter: 
Joseph Alvarado
Description: 
Make low-carb green chile pork in the Instant Pot (or in your slow cooker if you prefer) and then serve it over cauliflower rice for these Instant Pot Low-Carb Green Chile Pork Taco Bowls!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20
Ready in:
85
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
