URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64756817/instant-pot-khichdi/
Title:
Instant Pot® Khichdi Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/6957109.jpg
Ingredients:
1 cup brown basmati rice
1/2 cup whole green mung beans
1/4 cup split yellow dal
1 shallot, sliced
1 tbsp fresh grated ginger
2 tbsp ghee
1.5 tsp cumin seeds
1.5 tsp brown mustard seeds
1 tbsp goda masala (see my recipe)
6 cups water
1/2 tsp salt
1 tsp ground turmeric
1 tsp ground black pepper
6 tbsp ghee (optional)

Directions:
Rinse the rice and green mung beans. Cover with water and soak for 15 minutes. Rinse the split yellow dal and add them to the rice and mung beans to soak for 15 minutes. Drain and set aside.
Turn on the sauté function of an instant pot®, sauté the cumin and mustard seeds until fragrant, add the shallot and ginger until the shallot is tender and translucent. About 5 minutes
Add the drained rice and legumes, stir to combine. Turn off the sauté function. Add the goda masala, turmeric, salt, and pepper. Stir well. Add the water and stir.  Close and seal the lid. On manual, select high pressure and set timer for 18 minutes. Once the time is up. Allow natural release for 15 minutes (otherwise, it will spew out). After 15 minutes, manually release any remaining pressure.
Stir and divide evenly between six bowls. Top each with one tbsp ghee.
Note: The soaking and cooking times are for the ingredients listed. If you use split beans or white rice, both times will need to be adjusted. Brown rice and whole beans need to soak and cook longer than white rice and split beans.

Submitter: 
Buckwheat Queen
Description: 
Two types of legumes, brown basmati rice, and goda masala are cooked in an Instant Pot® for a traditional flavored Indian classic. Goda Masala is a coconut based seasoning, which gives this dish a fragrant and tasty edge. Khichdi is easy to digest, so it is nice for detox or when you want something light. Leftovers warm up nicely with a touch of water. This is a simple recipe, some cooks like to add vegetables to the sauté.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
35
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
