URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64752309/instant-pot-pulled-pork/
Title:
Instant Pot Pulled Pork Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Dry Rub
1/4 c. brown sugar
1 T chili powder
1 T paprika
2 tsp garlic powder
2 tsp  kosher salt
1 tsp black pepper
1 tsp cayenne pepper
1 4-6 lb. pork shoulder roast, trimmed
Sauce
2 tsp olive oil
1 c. chicken stock
1/3 cup apple cider vinegar
2 T brown sugar
1 small can tomato paste, divided
2 c. water
1-2 large sweet onions, quartered
1/2 c. ketchup
1/2 c. brown sugar

Directions:
Combine dry rub ingredients in a small bowl, and rub all over trimmed shoulder roast. Pierce roast with a fork to help seasoning penetrate meat. Wrap with plastic wrap and refrigerate overnight.
When ready to prepare, set Instant Pot to sauté. Add olive oil. Cut pork into 4-6 pieces and brown pieces, a couple at a time for about 5 minutes. Remove meat to a plate when done.
Add chicken broth to hot pan and deglaze the brown bits from the pan, stirring constantly with a whisk until pan is smooth on the bottom. Turn cooker to off.
Add water, apple cider vinegar, 2 T brown sugar, 2 T of the  tomato paste, ketchup and onion pieces. Top with browned pork pieces and put on the lid, setting to seal. Set Instant Pot to manual and the time for 60 minutes.
When the time elapses, turn off cooker and instant release the steam. Remove meat and onions, and cover to keep warm.
To make the sauce, set Instant Pot to sauté, and add remaining tomato paste, the ketchup and 1/2 c. brown sugar. Use a ladle to skim off excess fat from top of the liquid. Cook to reduce volume by about half.
Meanwhile, use two forks to shred the meat into small chunks.
Serve on warmed hamburger rolls, topping with the thickened sauce, bread and butter pickles, or cole slaw as desired.

Submitter: 
Julie Tramp
Description: 
A blend of a couple other recipes, we had this on the 4th of July and it was a huge hit!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
NA
