URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64751671/baked-plantains---a-dessert/
Title:
Baked Plantains - A Dessert Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/6778291.jpg
Ingredients:
8 black-ripe plantains
2 T Coconut Oil
3 T Honey
3 tsp Cinnamon, ground
Optional Toppings: Crema Mexicana, Créme Fraîche, Plain Yoghurt, etc.
Cinnamon for dusting
Honey to drizzle
Baking sheet
Baking (parchment) Paper

Directions:
PREHEAT:
Oven to 390°F, and make middle rack ready.
PREP:
Peel eight ripe black plantains by cutting off both ends and running a knife down outer curve of plantain skin from top to bottom.  Avoid cutting into the fruit if you can.
Peel back skin, and the fruit will pop out.
Coat hands with coconut oil, and massage it onto each plantain to coat and prevent from drying during baking.
In the same manner, coat each with honey and cinnamon.
Lay plantain pieces, whole, onto a parchment covered baking sheet.
**Foil will encourage fruit to stick as there are natural sugars in ripe plantains, as well as with the honey. Foil will stick to the banana during turning over midway, and while removing from baking sheet to serve.
BAKE:
At 390°F, on center rack, for 15 minutes.
Remove from oven, carefully turn over plantains, and return to oven for another 15 minutes.
Total baking time is 30 minutes.
SERVE:
Allow to cool on baking sheet 10 minutes before removing to a serving platter.
Serve in whole pieces, slice in half the long way, or simply slice them into bite-sized pieces.  We love them served with crema Mexicana and cinnamon, and sometimes with honey drizzled over the top.
Enjoy these!

Submitter: 
BeachMom65
Description: 
My father, of Spanish and Nicaraguan descent, taught me a million ways to cook, as his parents were from different parts of the world.  This plantain recipe is his, from his Nicaraguan father, and 'his' mother insisted that if you are going to bake a banana, it had better not be a banana, but the blackest, softest, mushiest plantain you can get your hands on!  Nuff said!  Personally, I still love cutting the ends of the plantains to peel them because I look forward to sometimes finding that pinky-peachy pink color in the center of the ripe fruit. It's usually gone by the time they are black.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 min
Ready in:
45
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
NA
