URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64751016/kick-butt-low-carb-sugar-free-bbq-sauce/
Title:
Kick butt Low Carb Sugar Free Bbq Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/6752249.jpg
Ingredients:
3 carrots
1 medium onion
1 green pepper
2 red pepper
3 celery
1/4 cup Olive oil
23 oz or 680ml can Tomato sauce with herbs
5.5 oz or 156ml can Tomato paste
1/4 cup Apple cider vinegar
1 tbsp Seasoning salt
1 tbsp Onion powder
3 cloves Fresh garlic
1 tbsp Garlic powder
1 tbsp Chilli powder or paprika
1 tsp- 1 tbsp Liquid smoke (not optional)
1-4 tsp Chipotle powder (optional)
Hot sauce if you like more spice (optional)
Salt and pepper to taste

Directions:
Roughly chop carrots, onion, red and green pepper, and celery. Sauté on medium low heat with 1/4 cup olive oil stirring frequently until veggies have softened and caramelized, aprox 15-20 min. Then turn off heat
Put the remaining ingredients in a blender and add the sautéed vegetables. Blend on high until everything becomes a smooth paste.
Put in a mason jar and store in the fridge, freeze into portions, use right away, or hot pack into mason jars and can for room temp storage.
This will have a thicker consistency, more like regular bbq sauce from the store with a slightly different texture because of all the veggies. If you would like to thin with water or broth then taste and re-check salt levels.
Do not skip the liquid smoke! Other ingredients can be adjusted but the liquid smoke is what gives it the traditional bbq sauce flavour, order online if it is not available in stores.  Liquid smoke also comes in different concentrations so add slowly, taste, then add more. My liquid smoke is quite powerful so you made need more or less.

Submitter: 
Nicole
Description: 
After searching stores for a tasty sugar free Bbq sauce without fake sweeteners I had to come up with my own recipe. It’s delicious and healthy and you may freeze it, hot can it, or keep in refrigerated for up to 2 weeks.  Your family and friends will never know it has no sugar or gluten, is loaded with veggies and will be impressed with your sauce making skills
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 min
Ready in:
45 min
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
NA
