URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64754714/thai-chicken-coconut-curry/
Title:
Thai Chicken Coconut Curry Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 - 3 tbsp Green Thai Curry Paste
1 can Coconut Milk or Cream
1 block (141g) Pure Creamed Coconut - softened
2 tsp Salt
2 tbsp Fish Sauce
1 tbsp Rice Vinegar
1 tsp Sugar
2 tbsp Ginger - fresh, grated
3 cloves Garlic - grated
1.5 kg (about 3 lbs) Chicken Thighs - skinless, bone in
3 Kaffir Lime Leaves
2 sticks Lemongrass
4 cups Mushrooms - sliced
1 Zucchini - chopped
1 Lime - juiced
1 bunch Cilantro - chopped for garnish

Directions:
Prep:  Soften Creamed Coconut (not the same as coconut cream) by placing UNOPENED package into hot water. Once warmed, massage with fingers until the lumps are smoothed out. Keep package in hot water until ready to add to recipe.
Mix together curry paste, coconut milk or cream, creamed coconut, salt, fish sauce, rice vinegar, sugar, ginger, and garlic in crock pot or large pot. Whisk together until smooth and well blended.
Add chicken thighs, kaffir lime leaves and lemongrass. Stir until chicken is well coated in sauce.
Set crockpot for 6-8 hours. If cooking on stovetop, bring to simmer in a large pot and set to low heat until cooked (about 1 1/2 - 2 hours)
Add mushrooms and zucchini about halfway through cooking and stir. These can be added in the beginning with the chicken if you want to leave your crock pot for the day.
When done cooking, adjust flavour with salt and lime juice. Remove kaffir lime leaves and lemongrass.
Serve on rice or quinoa and garnish with cilantro.
Variations: Substitute chicken for beef.  Can also make without meat, just add all vegetables right away. If using shrimp, add closer to the end of cooking and cook just until shrimp is opaque. Add any kind of vegetable you like (red peppers, string beans, broccoli, etc) about half an hour to an hour before serving. Add peas at the very end to keep them bright green and flavorful.

Submitter: 
Evie
Description: 
This recipe is so yummy and makes itself in the slow cooker.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
6-8 h
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
