URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64757030/ham-and-cheese-stuffed-meatloaf/
Title:
Ham and Cheese Stuffed Meatloaf Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/6966129.jpg
Ingredients:
3/4 cup plain dried breadcrumbs, plus 2 tablespoons, divided
1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper
1/2 tablespoon garlic powder
1 egg
1/4 cup evaporated milk
1/2 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce
1/2 tablespoon olive oil
2 drops oregano essential oil
1 drop basil essential oil
1 lb. grass-fed ground beef
1 lb. ground pork
1/2 teaspoon dried oregano
1/2 teaspoon dried basil
Salt and pepper to taste
4 very thin slices turkey breast
4 very thin slices black forest ham
4 very thin slices Swiss cheese
2 tablespoons fresh grated parmesan cheese
2 tablespoons tomato paste
2 tablespoons water
1/2 teaspoon brown sugar
splash heavy cream

Directions:
1. Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.
2. Mix the 3/4 cup breadcrumbs, garlic powder, and black pepper in a small bowl.
3. In a cup, whisk together the egg, evaporated milk, and Worcestershire sauce.
4. In a ramekin, vigorously whisk the 2 drops oregano essential oil and 1 drop basil essential oil into the olive oil. Pour the oil combination into the egg mixture and whisk well.
5. Place the ground beef and ground pork in a stand mixer with the paddle attachment. With the mixer on low, slowly add the breadcrumb mixture into the meat, followed by the egg mixture. Turn off the mixer immediately after all ingredients are evenly combined. You don't want to over mix the meat or it may become too dense when baked.
6. Lay out two 18-inch long sheets of parchment paper on a flat work surface. In a small cup, combine the remaining 2 tablespoons breadcrumbs, dried basil and dried oregano. Season with salt and pepper and mix well.  Gently sprinkle the seasoned breadcrumbs over each sheet of parchment paper.
7. Divide the meat mixture into two equal sections and place them on a flat work surface. Using your hands, form each section into a rectangle about 10 inches long by 6 inches wide, each should be about 1/2 inch thick. Transfer the meat onto the parchment papers with the breadcrumbs.
8. Carefully place half of the sliced ham onto one of the meat rectangles, followed by 2 slices of the turkey and 2 slices of the Swiss cheese. Repeat with the second meat rectangle. Sprinkle each with equal amounts parmesan cheese. (I use a zester and just grate it right over the meat!) Leave about a 1/2 inch border of meat around the edges uncovered. This will allow you to seal the meat closed after you roll it.
9. Very carefully roll each meat section into a log. I use the parchment paper as a guide to get started, then I use my thumbs to bring up the middle while guiding the edges with my fingers. Carefully pinch the ends shut to keep any of the filling from leaking out during baking.
10. Place the meat loaves in small loaf pans or on a sheet pan. (For a great make-ahead meal, wrap one or both rolls in foil and freeze until ready to use, then thaw and bake!) Loosely cover the loaves with foil and bake for 30 minutes.
11. While the loaves are baking, add the tomato paste, water, brown sugar, and heavy cream to a small bowl. Season with salt and pepper. Whisk vigorously until a smooth sauce results.
12. Remove the meat loaves from the oven and brush with the tomato paste mixture. Return to the oven, uncovered, for another 10 minutes. Serve sliced with mashed potatoes and, if desired, brown gravy.

Submitter: 
Christy Boston's Kitchen
Description: 
Things are beginning to cool down and summer is officially coming to a close. 

Such fall-like weather calls for the greatest comfort food of all time...

Meatloaf!

The addition of classic Italian herbs ups the ante of this stuffed meatloaf recipe. When this meatloaf with cheese bakes, it makes the whole house smell like an Italian bistro. You can't get more comforting than that! 

Serve with a generous helping of mashed potatoes oozing with melted butter, then cozy up with a bottle of red, your favorite slippers, and let the chill of autumn come!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
50 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
