URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64753310/eggplant-parmesan/
Title:
Eggplant Parmesan Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1/3 cup extra-virgin olive oil
3 garlic cloves, minced
1 cup black olives, pitted and roughly chopped
1 teaspoon hot red pepper flakes
1 Jar of favorite store sauce - I use PREGRO
1/4 cup fresh basil leaves, hand torn
Himalayan salt and freshly ground black pepper
2 cups dried bread crumbs & 2 cups Louisiana Fish Fry (New Orleans Style Fish Fry Seafood Breading)
1 tablespoon garlic powder
1 tablespoon dried oregano - liberally
Salt and freshly ground black pepper
5 eggs
1 cup all-purpose flour
Extra-virgin olive oil
2 pounds medium eggplants, trimmed and into slices
2 pounds whole milk ricotta cheese
1/2 cup chopped fresh basil leaves
1 1/4 cups freshly grated Parmigiano-Romano
2 pounds shredded mozzarella cheese

Directions:
1.	First make the sauce or use Prego: Put a large saucepan over medium heat and add the olive oil. Add the garlic and cook 1 minute. Add the olives, red pepper flakes, and let that cook for 2 minutes, stirring often. Stir in the basil and season with salt and pepper. Simmer for 10 minutes. Remove from the heat and set aside.
2.	Combine the bread crumbs, New Orleans Fish fry breading, garlic powder, and oregano in a shallow bowl; season generously with salt and pepper and mix well. Crack 3 of the eggs into another shallow bowl; season with salt and pepper and beat with a fork to mix. Put the flour in another shallow bowl and season with salt and pepper. Arrange the eggplant slices, flour, beaten eggs, and bread crumbs on a work surface near the stove.
3.	Heat about 1/4-inch olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. When the oil is hot, dredge several eggplant slices first in the flour, then dip them in the egg, and finally coat them in the bread/N.O. fish fry crumbs. Put as many eggplant in the skillet as will fit comfortably in a single layer and cook until tender and well browned on both sides. Drain on paper towels. Cook all of the eggplant slices this way, adding more olive oil to the pan as needed.
4.	Stir together the ricotta and 1/2 cup of the Parmigiano cheese. Stir in the basil and remaining 2 eggs, and season with salt and pepper.
5.	Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.
6.	To assemble the dish, first get yourself set up with a large, buttered baking dish. Have ready the eggplant, the ricotta mixture, the tomato sauce, the shredded mozzarella cheese and the remaining 3/4 cup grated Parmigiano.
7.	To start, lay your fried egg plant pieces; bottom layer of the baking dish; spoon some of the tomato sauce dollops over the eggplant. Spread with half of the ricotta mixture but again, making dollops everywhere. Lay another layer of egg plants, then tomato sauce over and sprinkle with about one-third of the mozzarella.. Sprinkle with the 3/4 cup Parmigiano.
Put the dish in the oven and bake for about 20-30 minutes, until cheese is melted. Let stand for about 10 minutes before cutting.
Note:  One can choose to use the air fryer for steps 1 & 2.  3rd step: preheat the Air Fryer to 360F. Then put the eggplant slices on the wire mesh and cook for about 8 min.  Repeat until all slices have completed this step then refer back to step 4 until completed.

Submitter: 
Virginia
Description: 
Eggplant with a tasty bite to it that does not drown in tomato sauce.  Actually NON-EGGPLANT eaters LOVE this recipe - true story!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
