URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64758449/baked-halibut-with-sour-cream-parmesan-and-dill-topping/
Title:
Baked Halibut with Sour Cream, Parmesan, and Dill Topping Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 pieces halibut or other mild white fish, thawed if frozen and patted dry with paper towels
salt and fresh ground black pepper to taste
3 T sour cream (use low-fat sour cream for South Beach Diet)
1/4 tsp. garlic powder (can use 1/2 tsp. finely minced fresh garlic, but the garlic powder was easy)
1/4 tsp. dill weed (dried dill leaves)
2 T finely ground Parmesan cheese
3 T sliced green onion (about 3 green onions)

Directions:
Thaw frozen halibut overnight in refrigerator, then place in baking dish and blot dry with paper towels. Let the halibut come to room temperature while you prep other ingredients. Preheat oven to 375F/190C.
Slice 3 T green onions, then measure 2 T and finely chop them. Reserve the other 1 T sliced onions to garnish the cooked dish.
In a small bowl, stir together the sour cream, garlic powder, and dill weed. Stir in the finely grated Parmesan cheese and green onions.
When fish has come to room temperature, use a rubber scraper to spread an even coating of this topping over each piece of the fish, using all the topping mixture.
Bake fish until the internal temperature reaches 145F/62C, or until fish pieces feel firm but not hard to the touch. (Use a fork to press down to test.) I baked my thick pieces of halibut for 24 minutes, but other types of fish or thinner pieces will probably cook more quickly.
Serve hot, sprinkled with remaining sliced green onions.

Submitter: 
N8TE
Description: 
This Low-Carb Baked Halibut with Sour Cream, Parmesan, and Dill Topping is easy and delicious enough to make for guests!

This recipe was inspired by an idea from Six Ingredients Or Less: Low-Carb Cooking by Carlean Johnson.

All images and text ©Kalyn Denny for Kalyn's Kitchen.
Recipe Permalink: https://kalynskitchen.com/recipe-for-baked-halibut-with-sour/
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
NA
