URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64751551/arroz-con-leche/
Title:
Arroz con Leche Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1.5 cups white organic short grain rice, such as arborio
6-8 cups water (for soaking and rinsing)
5-6 cups organic whole milk
1 tsp or less of organic powdered stevia leaf
1 tsp ground cinnamon
1 stick cinnamon
1 tsp ground ginger, or 1/2 tsp pressed

Directions:
In a medium sized bowl, pour in dried measured rice, and cover with 2 cups of water.
Let sit 2 minutes, stir, drain, repeat once more.
The third time, cover rice with water, and let sit for 45 minutes to 1 hour.  Rinse and drain.
In a medium non-stick sauce pan, add drained rice, and cover with 3 cups milk, cinnamon stick, and freshly pressed ginger, if using.  (Dried cinnamon, dried ginger and dried stevia go in at the end of cooking)
Raise to medium heat, then reduce to a low simmer, stirring often.
***Watch for rice to absorb nearly all the milk, then add more milk a ladle at a time, stirring constantly until the desired creamy consistency is met to your liking; everyone is different.  You'll know.
Remove from heat, add dried spices and 1/4 tsp initially of powdered stevia, then a tiny bit after that until desired sweetness is found.  With powdered stevia, a little goes a long way.
I often refrigerate this, then reheat gently with a little more milk on low heat, then add some warm milk on top with a sprinkle of cinnamon before serving.
Bon Appétit
*** I use organic stevia from India.  The leaves are a natural sweetener.  I put the leaves into my coffee grinder which yields a green powder.  I use it in coffee, tea, here in the arroz con leche... it blends in.
Unless loose-leaved in bags, stevia is commonly found in markets packaged in bottles as drops or packets of white powder, both of which are processed over 60 times before they reach the shelves, and which hold only about 10% stevia within.  The rest is fake junk in your body.  Wouldn't it be better to use the leaf or a scant amount of regular sugar? There is also natural sweetness in whole milk.

Submitter: 
BeachMom65
Description: 
Differently put together per personal preference to not cooking the rice in water.  Whole milk creates a creamy texture and powdered organic stevia leaf sweetens this dish with spices of cinnamon and ginger. ***Stevia does not raise heart rate.  Organic powdered stevia leaf used here is not processed.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
1 hr 30 min
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
