URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64756818/goda-masala-my-way/
Title:
Goda Masala My Way Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
3/4 cup shredded coconut
1/4 cup white sesame seeds
2 tsp olive oil, divided
3/4 cup coriander seeds
2 large bay leaves
5 dried chilies
1 tbsp cumin seeds
1 two-inch cinnamon stick
1 tsp whole cloves
1/2 tsp black peppercorns
1 tsp turmeric powder

Directions:
1.	Heat a cast iron skillet over medium-low heat. Dry roast the coconut, stirring constantly, until brown and fragrant. Remove from the heat and put in a bowl. Add the sesame seeds and dry roast them stirring constantly until browned. Add them to the coconut.
2.	During the next steps you will need to stir constantly to keep the spices from burning. Add 1/2 tsp olive oil, when warm, add the bay leaves and brown on each side, then remove them, adding them to the mix. Add another 1/2 tsp olive oil and toast the chilies until browned. Remove immediately and add them to the mix. Add 1/2 tsp oil and toast the cumin seeds until fragrant. Remove and add them to the mix. Add the coriander seeds and toast until fragrant. Add them to the mix. Add the last 1/2 tsp of oil, break the cinnamon stick into pieces, toast until fragrant. Remove and add to the mix. Toast the cloves until fragrant. Remove and add them to the other toasted spices. Lastly, add the black peppercorns and toast until fragrant. This whole process will take about 22 minutes.
3.	Once the toasted spices have completely cooled, add them to a mortar and grind them until fine. Add the ground turmeric, stir to combine. Keep the spice mix in a air-tight container, in a dark cool cabinet for up to six months.

Submitter: 
Buckwheat Queen
Description: 
Goda Masala is a coconut based Indian spice mix that can be used in dishes for a twist from the usual. It’s a bit labor intensive, but worth it. My version of this mix leaves out a few ingredients from the traditional mix because due to my aversion to certain flavors and inability to find some spices where I live. This mix gives a nice flavor to khichdi and other vegetable, rice, and dhal dishes.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
72
Nutritional Facts:
NA
