URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64756926/keto-creamy-chicken-and-vegetable-bake/
Title:
Keto Creamy Chicken and Vegetable Bake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
4x Chicken Breast Pieces (cubed)
200g Shortcut Bacon (Chopped into 1cm pieces) (Optional)
1 Head of Broccoli
1 Head of Cauliflower
1 Leek
150g Mushroom cups (Sliced)
1 Brown Onion (Chopped)
1 Clove of Garlic (minced)
1/4 Cup Chicken Stock
1 Tbsp Garlic and Herb season
3 Tbsp Butter
1/2 Cup Thickened Cream
1/2 Cup Cream Cheese
1/2 Cup Grated Parmesan
1/2 Cup Grated cheese (tasty or similar)

Directions:
Preheat over to 180 degrees C (355 degrees F)
Begin by preparing onion, chicken and bacon. Place a large pot on stove top on medium heat. Add 1 tbsp of butter, once melted add onion, minced garlic and bacon pieces. Set aside rest of butter for sauce. Simmer until onion is soft (Roughly 5 minutes).
Add chicken cubes to pot and cover pot with lid. Cook until chicken is cooked through, stirring occasionally (Roughly 10 minutes). It is important to make sure the chicken doesn't sear and brown as this changes the colour and flavour of the sauce in the end of the dish. If you notice your chicken browning then reduce your heat and cook for a longer. While your chicken is cooking, chop and prepare other vegetables.
Once chicken is cooked through, add vegetables , stock and seasoning. Stir through and replace lid. Cook until vegetables are soft (~10 minutes). Meanwhile place a saucepan on the stove on medium heat. Add remaining butter and cream. Once heated add the cream cheese, stir regularly and bring to a simmer. Once melted, remove from heat, add grated parmesan and stir to combine. If you prefer your creamy sauce thicker then adding extra cream cheese will help thicken it up.
Empty chicken and vegetable pot into a large baking tray. If there is a lot of liquid in the pot you may want to drain first. Pour the creamy sauce over the top of chicken and vegetables and top with grated cheese. Place in the oven for 10 minutes or until cheese is melted and browned to your liking.

Submitter: 
Kim Frost
Description: 
This creamy chicken and vegetable is low carb and high fat, everything you want in a keto dish! 
I have only made it once so far and it turned out delicious! But please if you have any tips or improvements please let me know!
This is a large recipe that you can easily get 8 to 10 serves from. I cook most of my keto meals this way so we can then dish up all the leftovers into meal prep containers which we use for lunches.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
5
Ready in:
40
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
