URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64755780/jalapeno-chicken-and-classic-corn-chowder/
Title:
Jalapeno Chicken and Classic Corn Chowder Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/6925409.jpg
Ingredients:
1 tbsp olive oil
1/2 medium yellow onion, peeled and chopped
1 1/2 medium carrots, peeled and chopped
1 stalk celery, chopped
1 medium jalapeno pepper, seeded and chopped (leave seeds if you like the heat)
1 garlic clove, peeled and minced (you can use jarred minced garlic just adjust amount to taste)
2 ears sweet corn, cut kernels of the cob
1/4 tsp fresh cracked ground black pepper
1 tbsp salt-free all purpose seasoning ( I use the popular brand Mrs. Dash)
2 cups low-sodium chicken broth (you can use fat free/low sodium but it does lack in flavor I believe)
1 1/2 cups cooked/thawed frozen chopped chicken breast
1/2 cup nonfat plain Greek yogurt
fresh chopped cilantro to garnish

Directions:
Heat olive oil in a large soup pot over medium-low heat.
Add all chopped onions, carrots, celery, jalapeno pepper, garlic and corn and saute approximately 6 to 8 minutes.
Add fresh ground cracked black pepper, salt alternative seasoning and chicken broth to soup pot. Increase heat to bring to a boil then reduce the heat, cover and simmer for 20 minutes.
Remove soup pot from heat and set aside to cool down approximately 3-5 minutes. Remove about 1/2 of soup and place in a deep bowl or immersion beaker.
Using an immersion blender (or regular blender) puree soup then return to soup pot. Return to heat and add chicken to heat through then remove from heat. Stir in yogurt and serve immediately.
* Note from experience: Do NOT boil the soup once yogurt added. It will curdle and not look pretty so to speak.

Submitter: 
Sahara B
Description: 
I have always loved summer chowders, but now having to look at my health and choices I make in my diet. This dish is mainly a classic corn chowder with some adjustments from a combination of many recipes (just with some changes). I'm learning to balance my plate so pairing this dish with a simple spinach salad and fresh watermelon chunks makes for a fulfilling but light dish. It's within a decent carb/glucose level and I believe a pretty good diabetic friendly recipe. Low-fat/carb/surgar doesn't have to be a scary thing...and grateful finding out.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
25
Ready in:
1 hr
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
