URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64752059/fried-rice-new-york-style/
Title:
Fried rice new York style Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/6793677.jpg
Ingredients:
2-3C cooked medium grain or jasmine rice, chilled
2 eggs
1 med yellow onion cut into 1/4" pieces
1 carrot finely juilliened
1/4C bean sprouts
1/4C frozen peas
1 1/2T oyster sauce
1t sesame oil
2T peanut oil or a neutral high smoke point oil
1T low sodium soy sauce (kikkoman recommended)
Meat of your choice

Directions:
Rice should be prepared 1 day ahead of time and cold in the refrigerator. Scramble 2 eggs into small pieces, remove and set aside. In a clean wok, pot or pan, add peanut oil and heat until shimmering. Add onions and cook until they soften slightly and add carrot. Cook both until onion begins to brown and/or carrots begin to soften. Add sesame oil. Add peas and cook for 1-2 min. Turn the heat all the way up and add sprouts, eggs and any meat if desired, cook for 30 seconds more. Now add the cold rice, break it up so it gets coated in the oil and covers the bottom of your cooking vessel. Now leave it! Let it cook on the highest setting undisturbed for 2 minutes then add the soy and oyster sauce, stir to incorporate and let it sit again for 2 more minutes. You can repeat this stir/sit as long as you like depending if you want your rice more or less cooked. I prefer a little sear on mine. As for the meat, Chinese places are typically veggie fried rice (this is it), beef, chicken, roast pork, shrimp or house (mixture of all). For beef, I recommend marinating in teriyaki for at least 30 min and cook until rare or med rare. Doing this a day ahead of time will help if you want to cut it thin. To cut the beef thin, take cold beef and put it in the freezer for 30 min. When you take it off, slice thinly against the grain. Let the beef defrost fully before adding it. I suggest making it rare because it will cook some in the rice. For shrimp, stir fry shrimp just prior to adding onions, remove and set aside adding back in when sprouts cook. Chicken, steam, cool, add with sprouts. Pork is the complex one. Chinese use what called char siu with a pork shoulder cut. The recipe is on this site. Any other type of pork will not taste the same and loin and tenderloin are way too lean, they will dry out.
Some places use celery. Use 1 stalk, slice thinly on the bias and add with the carrots if desired.
Do not add salt and pepper to this, if you want more salt add soy sauce. Do not use olive oil, it will give the food an off flavor and potentially burn. You can substitute the rice for basmati. Short grain rice will not work, long grain is not preferred.
Optional garnish, sliced green onions/scallions

Submitter: 
Walter Triesch
Description: 
Any type of fried rice you like
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
5m
Ready in:
1 d
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
