URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64750744/instant-pot-chile-verde/
Title:
Instant Pot Chile Verde Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
6lbs pork shoulder roast
1 head garlic
3 Pasilla peppers
1-2 hot hatch chiles or jalapenos
2 lbs tomatillos
1 bell pepper
1 large onion
2 cups water
1T better than bullion paste - any flavor
1 28 Oz can Whole tomatoes
1 7oz can Whole green chiles
3 heaping T Flour
1 tsp oil
Cayenne (optional)
Salt & pepper

Directions:
Preheat oven to 450.  Cut the head off of the garlic bulb and drizzle oil over it.
Roast all chiles, bell pepper, tomatillos, and garlic bulb for 20-25 minutes until there is an even char.
Place in bowl, cover in plastic bag and allow to cool slightly.
Trim fat from pork roast and cut into bite sized chunks (about 1 - 1.5 inch cubes).
Peel chilis, pepper, and tomatillos and reserve juice in bowl.  Peel garlic.  Use four garlic cloves and save the rest for later use.
In blender add tomatillos and garlic and pulse until it’s a small chunky consistency.
Add bell pepper, hatch chilis, and Pasilla chilis and pulse a few times so the chilis are in large chunks.
Cut onion into large chunks.
Remove tomatoes from juice and cut into 8ths.
Combine all ingredients except for the flour and canned green chiles  in the IP.
Close and lock the IP - set IP on meat setting for 45 minutes.
Once complete allow to naturally release.
Remove two cups of liquid/chili verde sauce and place in blender.
Add the flour to blender mixture and pulse to mix.
Slice green chiles into strips.  Turn IP to the high slow cooker setting and add flour slurry and green chiles.
Allow to cook for an additional hour to cook flour and thicken.
Add salt and pepper to taste, and cayenne if you want it spicier.

Submitter: 
Arizona Desert Flower
Description: 
Fabulous chile verde recipe for your instant pot!  Great for family gatherings!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
15
Nutritional Facts:
NA
