URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64758955/delicious-bone-healthy-vegetable-bean-soup/
Title:
Delicious Bone Healthy Vegetable Bean Soup Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/7037754.jpg
Ingredients:
1 lb pkg frozen sliced carrots
10 oz pkg frozen chopped onion
1 lb pkg frozen chopped green beans
1 lb pkg frozen chopped broccoli
4 stalks celery, chopped/sliced
1 clove garlic
2 cans Lima beans
2 cans cannelini (white kidney beans)
1 can black beans
1 can light red (pink) kidney beans
1/4 cup dried red lentils
3 quarts Chicken broth
sea salt to taste
ground black pepper to taste
1 tsp dried rosemary
1 tsp dried parsley
1 1/2 tablespoons olive oil
1 22 oz can of diced tomatoes

Directions:
Heat olive oil over medium-high heat in a large 8-10 quart pot.
Add carrot onion, garlic and celery, and cook stirring until onion turns translucent and the flavors mix, about 5 to 10 minutes. (If you are using frozen vegetables as I did, be aware that the vegetables will steam a bit before they cook.)
Add beans, broth, salt, pepper, and herbs. Add lentils to the mixture. Set heat to medium-high and bring to a boil.
Reduce heat to low and let the soup simmer for an hour.  You should be able to detect a lovely savory smell at this point.
Sample the soup with a spoon and adjust seasonings, if desired. This soup can tolerate a lot of cooking; it thickens a bit more as it cooks. Feel free to let it sit on the stove simmering until you’re ready to serve it.
This soup can be stored in 1 quart containers, for instance, in the fridge up to about 1 week. Or you can freeze it and use it at a later date.

Submitter: 
Ilene Kramer
Description: 
This recipe is a modification of one I found on Save Our Bones website, which focused on lima beans only. This one is an alkalizing mixture of wonderful easily available vegetables plus four varieties of beans. I used canned beans here but feel free to use dried ones as long as they are soaked in water beforehand. My husband and I love this recipe and hope you will too!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
NA
