URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64751924/strawberry-lemonade-layer-cake/
Title:
Strawberry Lemonade Layer Cake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/6788126.jpg
Ingredients:
Strawberry Reduction:
5 cups fresh strawberries, cleaned, hulled, and sliced
1/4 cup sugar
1 tbsp lemon juice
Cake:
3 cups all-purpose flour
1 tsp baking soda
1 tsp baking powder
1/2 tsp salt
1 cup unsalted butter, softened
2 cups white sugar
4 eggs, room temperature
1 tsp vanilla extract
1 1/2 tbsps lemon zest
3/4 cup sour cream, room temperature
1/4 cup lemon juice
1/2 cup strawberry reduction
Frosting:
1 1/2 cups unsalted butter, softened
5-6 cups powdered sugar
1 tsp vanilla extract
1 tsp lemon zest
1/4 tsp salt
1 tbsp lemon juice
5 tbsps strawberry reduction
4 tbsps heavy cream

Directions:
1. Make strawberry reduction: place strawberries, sugar, and lemon juice in a blender, and puree until smooth. Pour strawberry mixture into a large saucepan and simmer over medium heat, stirring frequently, until mixture is reduced by half, about 20-25 minutes. Cool to room temperature. Reserve 1/2 cup plus 5 tbsps of the reduction for the cake and frosting--any residual reduction will be used as cake filling.
2. Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Grease and line two 9-inch cake pans with parchment paper.
3. Prepare cakes. In a medium bowl, whisk together flour, baking soda, baking powder, and salt until combined. Set aside.
4. In a large bowl, cream together butter and sugar until light and fluffy. Beat in eggs one at a time, thoroughly combining after each addition. Mix in vanilla extract and lemon zest. Mix in 1/3 of the dry ingredients to the wet mixture and stir until just combined. Add in half of the sour cream and half of the lemon juice, stir to combine. Repeat alternating additions of dry and wet ingredients until ingredients are incorporated--stirring just to combine. Do not over mix.
5. Place half of the batter into a separate bowl. Fold in 1/2 cup of strawberry reduction. Place dollops of both the lemon and strawberry-lemon batters alternatingly into the prepared cake pans. Use a butter knife to swirl the batters together.
6. Place into preheated oven and bake for 30-35 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted into the center of the cake comes out clean. Cool for 10 minutes in the pans before removing to a wire rack to cool completely.
7. Make frosting. Cream butter  on high speed until light and fluffy. Beat 5 cups of powdered sugar into butter, 1 cup at a time, until incorporated. Mix in vanilla, lemon zest, salt, and strawberry reduction until combined. Add in heavy cream and beat until frosting is smooth and fluffy, about 2-3 minutes. If frosting is too thin, add in additional powdered sugar as needed. If too thick, add in extra heavy cream 1 tbsp at a time until desired consistency is reach.
8. Assemble cake. Place one cooled cake layer on a serving platter, and cover top  with a thin layer of frosting. Using a piping bag filled with some of the frosting, pipe a frosting border around the edge of the cake layer, leaving the center open. Pour the reserved strawberry reduction into the center of the frosting border, making sure it does not overflow over the sides, and stays within the center of the frosting border. Place second cooled cake layer on top of the first, and continue to frost and decorate cake as desired. Keep cake refrigerated until ready to serve.
Note: If a stronger colored strawberry swirl is desired in the cake, feel free to add red food coloring alongside the strawberry reduction to half of the cake batter before swir

Submitter: 
Kim
Description: 
A great summertime cake full of strawberry-lemonade flavor!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
2-3 hrs
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
NA
