URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64753770/chicken-bryan-leg-quarters/
Title:
Chicken Bryan Leg Quarters Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/6860666.jpg
Ingredients:
For the marinade
1 lemon, juiced and zested
2 Tbsp dry white wine
1 garlic clove, minced
Salt and pepper to taste
1 Tbsp oregano
2 Tbsp olive oil
1 Tbsp prepared pesto
2 chicken leg quarters
For the sauce:
1 Tbsp mined white onion
1 tsp minced garlic
2 Tbsp unsalted butter
1/2 cup white wine
1/4 cup lemon juice
1/4 cup chopped sun dried tomatoes, drained
1 tsp pesto
Salt and pepper to taste
4 ounces goat cheese, sliced into 4 rounds

Directions:
Whisk together the juice and zest of one lemon , 2 tbsp white wine, one minced garlic clove, salt and pepper, oregano, oil, and pesto in a small bowl. Put the leg quarters in a sealable plastic bag, pour the marinade over the chicken. Seal the bag and shake to completely cover the chicken. Put into the refrigerator to marinate for at least two hours. Turn over after one hour to ensure the chicken quarters marinate evenly.
Preheat oven to 425° F. Bring chicken to room temperature while the oven heats. Drain the marinade from the chicken and pat dry. Roast in preheated oven for 20 minutes. Turn the chicken and cook another 20 minutes, or until juices run clear and internal temperature reaches 165°.
During the last 20 minutes, bring the goat cheese to room temperature.
Start the sauce. Sauté the onion and garlic in the two tbsp of butter. When soft and translucent, add 1/2 cup white wine and 1/4 cup lemon juice. Add the chopped sun dried tomatoes and 1 tsp pesto. Salt and pepper to taste. Allow to cook until slightly thickened.
When the chicken is ready, top each quarter with two slices of cheese, one on the thigh and one on the leg. Cover with equal amounts of the sauce and serve immediately.

Submitter: 
Buckwheat Queen
Description: 
A copycat version of the famous chicken from Carrabba’s, but made with leg quarters. Full of flavor, this recipe is company-worthy.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
NA
