URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64750995/chicken-cutlets-with-greens-and-gruyere-sauce/
Title:
Chicken Cutlets with Greens and Gruyère Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/6751444.jpg
Ingredients:
4-5 Boneless Chicken Cutlets
Two Lemons, halved and juiced
Enough Olive Oil for marinade (see directions)
Fresh Thyme / Fresh Rosemary / Fresh Marjoram (2 Tbsp any combination of these)
7 Tbsp Olive Oil (split)
One Bunch Swiss Chard, de-ribbed
One Head of Savoy Cabbage, leaves removed
One Onion, chopped
Two Cloves Garlic, minced
2 Tbsp Butter (optional)
1 Tbsp Flour
1¼ Cup Light Cream or 1¼ Cup Half-and-Half
One Cup Gruyère Cheese (grated)
Salt and Pepper to taste

Directions:
Slice two lemons in half, juice them, and use a strainer to pour the juice into a measuring cup (to avoid getting seeds in). Take note of how much juice the fruit yielded.
Pour the juice into a marinating dish, and add the same amount of olive oil on top of it. Mix thoroughly with a whisk.
Chop and add fresh herbs (any 2 Tbsp combination of thyme, rosemary, and marjoram) and continue mixing. Add salt and pepper to taste.
Once the liquid mixture is emulsified and the herbs are mixed in, add chicken cutlets, making sure they are all submerged. Cover and refrigerate for at least an hour and a half.
Add 3 Tbsp olive oil to a large frying pan and warm it up. Add marinated chicken cutlets and sauté until golden-brown, 20-25 minutes.
Meanwhile, remove the leaves from the Savoy cabbage, de-rib, chop, and sauté them and the chopped onion in 2 Tbsp olive oil until the leaves have wilted and the onion is golden-brown, about 10 minutes.
De-rib and chop the chard leaves, and add them to another pan with minced garlic and sauté in another 2 Tbsp olive oil until the leaves have wilted, about 5 minutes. Set each sauté mixture aside when finished.
When the chicken cutlets are done, set them aside in their own pan or on a plate, covered with aluminum foil.
The Gruyère sauce can be made one of two ways. Add flour to the frying pan the cutlets were sautéed in; or add butter to a separate saucepan, melt, and add flour to that. Regardless of which method is used, mix flour and fat thoroughly, then add light cream or half-and-half in a stream and mix to create a white sauce.
Add Gruyère and mix in, turn the heat off once it is all melted in.
Line the serving plate with cabbage/onion mixture, add the cutlet, and cover it with the chard/garlic mixture, and top with the Gruyère sauce. Serve immediately!

Submitter: 
Chef AidF
Description: 
Savoy cabbage, chard, onion products, and Gruyère sauce surround chicken cutlets.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 min
Ready in:
2 hr
Number of servings: 
5
Nutritional Facts:
NA
