URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64754928/grilled-cheese-patty-melts/
Title:
Grilled Cheese Patty Melts Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
10 slices 1/2" bread (Rye is you like it)
2 tablespoons cream or milk
3/4 teaspoon onion powder
1 1/4 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon pepper
1 1/2 lbs ground turkey or beef
3 tablespoons unsalted butter
1 onion, halved and sliced thin
2 cups shredded cheese, Swiss or cheddar

Directions:
adjust oven rack to middle position and heat oven to 200 degrees F. Tear 2 pieces of break into 1/2-inch pieces. Using a potato masher, mash torn bread, milk onion powder, 3/4 teaspoon salt and pepper into large bowl until smooth. Add ground meat and kneed until well combined. Divide meat into 4 equal portions. Shape each portion into 6 by 4-inch oval.
melt 1 tablespoon butter in large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Cook 2-patties until well browned on first side, about 5 minutes. Transfer to large plate, browned side up and repeat with remaining patties.
pour off all but 1 teaspoon fat from the pan, add onions and 1/2 teaspoon salt and cook, stirring occasionally until golden brown, 8-10 minutes. Arrange patties, browned-side up on top of onions, pouring any accumulated juices into pan. Reduce heat to medium and cook, shaking pan occasionally, until onions are tender and burgers are cooked through, about 5-minutes.
Divide 1-cup cheese among 4 slices bread. Top with patties, onions, remaining cheese, and remaining bread. Wipe out skillet with paper towels. Melt 1 Tablespoon butter in now-empty skillet over medium heat. Cook 2 sandwiches until golden brown and cheese is melted, 3-4 minutes per side. Transfer to rimmed backing sheet and keep warm in oven, repeat with remaining butter and remaining sandwiches. Serve.

Submitter: 
Apron Appeal
Description: 
sandwich burger with caramelized onions
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30
Ready in:
1
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
