URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64757448/michigan-maple-cherry-berry-pie/
Title:
Michigan Maple Cherry-Berry Pie Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/6980132.jpg
Ingredients:
Crust:
2 1/3 cups whole wheat flour
1/2 tsp salt
2 tbsps pure maple syrup
1 cup butter, cut into cubes and chilled
9 tbsps ice cold water
1 1/2 tbsps apple cider vinegar
Filling:
4 cups fresh sour cherries, pitted and stems removed
1 cup fresh blackberries
1/4 cup fresh ground cherries (AKA Cape gooseberries)
1 cup fresh blueberries
1 cup pure maple syrup
2 tbsps lemon juice
1/3 cup corn starch
1 tsp vanilla extract
1/2 tsp almond extract
1 tsp cinnamon
1/4 tsp nutmeg
1/4 tsp salt
1 egg, lightly beaten
1 tbsp water

Directions:
1. Prepare crust. Place flour, salt, and maple syrup into a food processor. Pulse several times to combine. Add in butter and pulse a few more times until mixture has the texture of coarse sand. Mix together cold water and vinegar in a small measuring cup. Add half of the water mixture to the food processor. Pulse a few times. Add in additional water/vinegar a tablespoon at a time, until dough comes together slightly. Divide dough in half. Wrap each half in plastic wrap and form into a disk. Refrigerate for at least 1 hour.
2. Preheat oven to 375 degrees. Line a large baking sheet with foil and place a 9 inch pie pan on top. Set aside.
3. Make filling. Mix together all the berries. In a small bowl, whisk together maple syrup, lemon juice, corn starch, vanilla, almond extract, cinnamon, nutmeg, and salt until smooth. Pour over berry mixture and toss to combine. Set aside.
4. Remove one disk of pie dough from the fridge. Roll out into a 12 inch circle on a lightly floured surface. Place evenly into the bottom and over the sides of a 9 inch pie pan. Roll out second piece of pie dough into a 12 inch circle. Cut into 1 inch strips. Pour pie filling into prepared pie pan. Use the 1 inch strips of dough to form a lattice pattern over the filling. Remove any excess overhanging dough, and a crimp edges to seal. Whisk together water and egg until combined. Lightly brush egg wash over the pie crust.
5. Cover edges of pie crust with foil to prevent over-browning. Bake in a 375 degree preheated oven for 35 minutes. Remove foil and continue to bake 30-40 minutes more, or until pie crust is golden and filling is bubbling. Cool completely before serving.

Submitter: 
Kim
Description: 
I made this pie as a way to use up some of the beautiful late summer fruit that Michigan has to offer. Paired with Pure Michigan maple syrup, this pie has no refined sugar, and is complimented with additional flavor from a whole wheat crust. A mix of any wild berries and/or cherries should work for this--but make sure to adjust the maple syrup amount depending on the sweetness of your fruit.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
4 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
