URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64753233/herbed-chevre-with-mushrooms-in-phyllo-pouches/
Title:
Herbed Chèvre with Mushrooms in Phyllo Pouches Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/6839438.jpg
Ingredients:
1 1/2 sticks unsalted butter, divided
2 cloves garlic, chopped
2 tablespoons chopped fresh rosemary leaves
2 teaspoons chopped fresh marjoram leaves
4 cups finely chopped assorted mushrooms
1 1/2 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon ground black pepper
1/2 teaspoon Chinese five spice
4 ounces goat cheese
7 ounces phyllo dough
chopped fresh chives, for garnish

Directions:
1. Melt 4 tablespoons butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Sauté the garlic until lightly browned, one minute. Add the herbs and continue to heat, stirring constantly, for another minute. Add the mushrooms, salt and pepper and cook, stirring occasionally, until the mushrooms give up their juices and the pan dries out, about 10 more minutes.
2. While the mushrooms are cooking, heat the remaining stick of butter (8 tablespoons) in a small saucepan over medium heat. When melted, whisk in the Chinese five spice. Reduce heat to low to keep warm.
3. When the mushrooms are finished cooking, remove the skillet from the heat and allow to cool slightly, about 3 minutes. Add the goat cheese and using a wooden spatula, break it up and mix it into the warm mushroom mixture until thoroughly combined and creamy. Set the mushroom mixture aside.
4. Prepare the phyllo dough by removing it from the package and laying it flat. Cover the dough sheets with a tea towel that has been dampened with water and wrung well. (Phyllo dough dries out fast and once dry, it cannot be worked with. Keeping the dough covered with the damp cloth will prevent it from drying out.)
5. Very carefully peel away one sheet of phyllo dough and place it on a flat surface. Dip a pastry brush into the melted butter with the Chinese five spice, tap against the side of the pan to remove excess butter. With light, quick stokes, brush the melted butter onto the phyllo dough sheet. (The best way to do this without ripping or wrinkling the dough is to hold one side of the sheet down with your fingers while brushing it in a direction away from your fingers. If this is your first time working with phyllo dough, this may take some getting used to. Just take your time, you'll get the hang of it!) You don't need a lot of butter for this step, just enough to moisten the sheet. When the first sheet is completely brushed with butter, carefully remove a new sheet of phyllo dough and place it directly over the one just brushed. Repeat this process until you have four sheets stacked, but do not brush butter onto the fourth (top) sheet.
6. Cut the stacked dough into four squares that measure about 3 by 4 inches. Repeat step four until you have 12 of the smaller squares. Place the squares into the cups of an un-greased muffin tin.
7. Fill each square with the mushroom mixture so that they are about half full. There should be about 1 1/2 to 2 tablespoons in each cup. Once all of the cups are full, lightly pinch the dough together to form a 'purse'. Leave a small opening on the top for steam to escape. You don't want to press the dough together too tightly, just enough to nearly cover the mushroom mixture but so that the dough is still somewhat loose.
8. Dip the pastry brush into the melted butter. Tap of

Submitter: 
Christy Boston's Kitchen
Description: 
Gourmet recipes can be intimidating, especially when they involve phyllo dough. With good directions and a little practice, these herbed goat cheese phyllo pouches can be on the table in less than an hour. Because they are filling, they make a great appetizer for slow-paced evenings.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
