URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64752086/savory-salmon-spread-with-pickled-cherries/
Title:
Savory Salmon Spread with Pickled Cherries Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/6794234.jpg
Ingredients:
8 ounces skinless salmon, uncooked
1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter, cut into 1/2 inch cubes
1/2 cup heavy cream
6 sun-dried tomatoes packed in olive oil
2 tablespoons capers, drained
1 teaspoon smoked paprika
1 teaspoon sea salt, fine
1/2 teaspoon dried dill weed
1/3 cup dried Montmorency tart cherries
1/4 cup red wine vinegar
WASA crisp breads
sliced chives, for garnish
coarse flaky sea salt, for garnish

Directions:
1. Place the salmon in a blender. In a small saucepan over medium, bring the butter, cream, tomatoes, capers, paprika, dill and salt to a boil. Stir until the butter is completely melted, then immediately pour the butter mixture into the blender with the salmon.
2. Blend the salmon mixture beginning on the low setting, then gradually increase the speed to medium high. Blend until the mixture is thick and smooth, about 2 minutes. Transfer to an airtight container, cover and chill for 2 hours or until set.
3. While the salmon spread is chilling, heat the red wine vinegar in a small saucepan over medium until it is just beginning to boil. Place the cherries in a  mug and pour the hot vinegar over. Stir to coat and allow to soak for 30 minutes. Drain and chop cherries, set aside until ready to serve.
4. Spread the salmon mixture over crisp bread crackers. Top with pickled cherries, a sprinkling of chives, and flaky sea salt. Serve on platters, or set up a buffet with the salmon spread and garnishes in individual ramekins, if desired. Goes great with Pinot Grigio!

Submitter: 
Christy Boston's Kitchen
Description: 
This easy recipe can be made in advance, especially if you are entertaining and want to save time on the day of your event. Serve it as a spread on crisp breads, or as a dip with crudités. Either way, you'll have a savory gourmet appetizer that is sure to impress.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10
Ready in:
2 hrs 20 mins
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
