URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64751215/strawberry-orange-oatmeal-bars/
Title:
Strawberry-Orange Oatmeal Bars Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/6762566.jpg
Ingredients:
Crust:
1 cup rolled oats
3/4 cup whole wheat flour
1/2 tsp kosher salt
1 tsp ground ginger
1/2 cup sliced almonds
3/4 cup shredded sweetened coconut
6 tbps unsalted butter, melted
1/2 cup maple syrup
1 tsp vanilla extract
Filling:
3 cups strawberries, hulled and sliced
1/4 tsp orange zest
1 tbsp orange juice
3 tbsps maple syrup, or as needed
1 1/2 tbsps cornstarch

Directions:
1. Preheat oven to 375 degrees. Line an 8x8" baking pan with enough parchment to have overhang on all sides. Lightly grease parchment.
2. In a large bowl, combine oats, flour, salt, ginger, almonds, and coconut. Stir to combine. Add in melted butter, maple syrup, and vanilla extract. Stir until mixture is thoroughly combined. Reserve 1 cup of the crust to use as the topping. Press the rest of the crust mixture firmly and evenly into the bottom of prepared pan.
3. In a medium bowl, combine strawberries, orange zest, orange juice, maple syrup, and cornstarch. Toss to coat until there are no longer any dry lumps of cornstarch. Pour strawberry mixture evenly over crust.
4. Sprinkle reserved crust mixture over top of the strawberries, and lightly press down into strawberry mixture. Place in preheated oven, and bake 45-50 minutes, or until the top is golden brown and strawberries are bubbling. Cool completely in pan. Remove from pan using parchment "handles" and slice into bars.
Note: For best results slicing the bars, place uncut bars into refrigerator until cold, then cut into bars. Keep bars stored in the refrigerator.

Submitter: 
Kim
Description: 
A strawberry-orange filling, combined with a coconut-almond-oatmeal crust, makes for fruity and flavorful bar! Adjust the amount of maple syrup used in the filling according to the sweetness of your strawberries--and feel free to use brown sugar instead of maple syrup, if you prefer.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
