URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64754278/orange-cranberry-scones-ii/
Title:
Orange Cranberry Scones II Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 1/4 cups wheat flour
1 1/4 cups all purpose flour
1 tablespoon baking powder
1 tsp salt
1/4 cup brown sugar plus 2 tablespoons white sugar.
1/2 tsp fresh ground nutmeg or to taste
1 tsp vanilla
1/2 cup frozen butter grated
1 medium orange zested and juiced
1 cup sweetened dried cranberries(Craisens)
1 egg
3/4 cup heavy cream
1/4 tsp orange oil(optional)
1 cup powdered sugar
1-2 tablespoons orange juice

Directions:
Preheat oven to 375 and cover baking sheet with parchment paper.
Zest and juice the orange and pour the orange juice over the dried cranberries and mix well and let them soak
In a large bowl, mix the flours, salt, baking powder, sugars, zest and grated butter with a fork till butter is coated with flour and no piece of butter is bigger than a pea.
Make a well in the center of the bowl and add egg, cream and vanilla.  Mix together in the well.  Add orange juice and cranberries
Mix together until flour is incorporated and pour dough out onto a well floured surface.   Push dough together and knead gently 2-3 times till flour is incorporated.  Add more cream if dough is to dry.  let rest and then flatten into a square or circle about 3/4 inch thick.
This recipe is too big for wedges so cut into triangles  2.5-3 inches on sides.
Put triangles on parchment paper and wash with more cream.
Bake 16-20 minutes or until slightly brown on both sides
Cool 5-10 minutes and move to cooling rack.
While cooling make the orange glaze mixing the powdered sugar,  orange juice and orange oil if using  to an easily spread consistency.
Brush glaze on warm scones and serve after 5 minutes

Submitter: 
Baron
Description: 
This is my take on a classic scone recipe.  It is a modification of the orange cranberry scone recipe by 24Twists
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 min
Ready in:
1 hr
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
