URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64751830/lavender-lemon-rice-pudding/
Title:
Lavender Lemon Rice Pudding Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/6784674.jpg
Ingredients:
5 cups whole milk
peel of 2 lemons (Use a vegetable peeler to take off large strips of the lemon peel, topmost yellow part only. Strips should be about 1/4 to 1/2 inch wide, 2 inches long and paper thin.)
3/4 cup medium grain rice (not instant)
1 cup sugar, divided
1 teaspoon vanilla paste
2 tablespoons silver rum
2 drops lavender essential oil
Herbes de Provence, for garnish

Directions:
1. In a large saucepan, combine the milk and lemon peel. Slowly bring to a boil over medium heat. Once boiling, cook for a minute while stirring to prevent the milk from scorching, then remove the saucepan from the heat. Stir in the rice.
2. Use a slotted spoon to fish out the lemon peels. Rinse the peels under cold water, then transfer them to a small saucepan. Add about a 1/2 to 1 cup of water, just enough to cover the peels. Stir in 1/4 cup sugar and bring to a boil over medium heat. Boil for about 20 to 25 minutes, or until the water is mostly evaporated.
3. While the lemon peels are being candied, stir the vanilla and rum into the rice mixture. Return the saucepan to the stove and bring the rice to a boil, stirring occasionally. Once boiling, reduce the heat to medium low and simmer for 20 to 25 minutes, or until the rice is cooked through. Stir just enough to keep the rice from sticking to the bottom of the pan and to prevent a film from forming on top of the milk.
4. When the rice is cooked, remove the saucepan from the heat. Allow to cool slightly.
5. Remove the saucepan with the lemon peels from the heat as soon as they begin to dry out. This will prevent the sugar from burning. They will be very sticky. Carefully transfer them to a sheet of parchment paper. When slightly cooled, use your fingers to spread them out so that they don't stick together. Allow them to curl a bit, or you can help curl them into pretty spirals and such.
6. Add the lavender essential oil and the remaining 3/4 cup sugar to the rice and stir well to combine. Allow to cool, then refrigerate the pudding prior to serving.
7. When the pudding has had time to chill, serve it in small dessert dishes garnished with a sprinkle of Herbes de Provence and a couple pieces of the candied lemon peel.

Submitter: 
Christy Boston's Kitchen
Description: 
A summertime twist on the classic, this rice pudding recipe is sweet (but not too sweet), slightly herby, very creamy, and finished with candied lemon peel. This easy gourmet treat is perfect for tea parties and summer socials as it can be made ahead in larger batches.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
5 m
Ready in:
1 h 45 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
