URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64768464/clear-strong-beef-stock-einfache-kraft-bruhe/
Title:
Clear Strong Beef Stock " Einfache Kraft Bruhe" Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
16 oz Soup Bones
20 oz of Short-ribs Bone-I.
3 Egg whites
2 carrots
1 small celery root
1 Onion
1 parsnip
1 bunch of Celery Green
3 Bay leaves
4 Cloves
1 tsp of Salt
10 Pepper-corns

Directions:
Remove the Meat from the Ribs and set aside.  take a  4 qt. Stock Pot and fill 3/4 full add the Bones and the Rib Bones.
Peel the Vegetables. half the Onion, Carrots, Celery and Parsnip.  Take each Onion and carefully pin a Bay leaf onto each outer half of half an Onion with 2 Cloves.  Skim the Broth and add all the vegetables Pepper and Salt.  all, but One Parsnip half and the Celery- root Half.   This should simmer until the Vegetables are completely soft.  In the mean time; chop the Meat (or Grind)  with the Celery Half;  mix with the Eggs whites,  and set in the Fridge.  When the Broth is Done, remove the Vegetables and Bones. (do not throw away the Vegs.). Lower the Heat on the Broth to a Simmer.  Then all at once carefully in a single move add the Ground Mass.  ( keep the lip of the bowl with the Grind in the Broth and sweep it in).  It may simmer but not Boil violently.  At this time Bind the Parsnip half and the Bunch of Green with Kitchen twine and add to the Stock. after some time; 45 min.  Turn off the heat and let cool and settle until it is about 100 deg. Skim off Fat and Floating part. remove the Bind Bunch or "Bouquet Garni"..! When it is enough settled pour it through a Draining / straining cloth in a colander;  into another pot.  try to avoid stirring it up.  The Grind rest may be used for Hash or Pie;  etc.  Re-heat to serve.  ( Chop or "Juliene";  the Vegetables Carrots and Celery root if desired, a tablespoon mix to each Serving Bowl)  May be served with other Soup Garnishes such as  small; Grit Dumplings, Liver Dumplings, Pancake Strips.  etc.
**  repeat the Clearing process and you have a  "Double Strength Stock".
** using a small Pea size "Scooper";  scoop out Pea sized scoops of the cooled vegetables; mixed,
for a Broth  "Parissiene".    Fine Strips is "Ju;liene" for a "Beef Broth Julliene.

Submitter: 
Alois
Description: 
Hearty Bone and Beef Stock made with fresh Root Vegetables and Herbs.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
40 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
