URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64769020/italian-cream-cake/
Title:
Italian Cream Cake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Cake:
2 cups flour (DO NOT USE coconut flour as it falls apart when putting it together in the end)
1 tsp baking soda
1/2 tsp baking powder
1 c butter softened
1 1/2 c granulated sugar (substituted with Swerve granules)
1/2 c light brown sugar (substituted with Swerve brown sugar)
2 tsp pure vanilla extract
1/2 tsp pure almond extract
5 large eggs (tried using just egg whites, but the cake didn't bind well)
1 c whole buttermilk
14 oz package sweetened flaked coconut divided
1 1/2 c pecan pieces toasted divided
Frosting:
2 [8oz] cream cheese softened (substituted with fat free cream cheese)
1 c [2 sticks] butter softened
2 lbs powdered sugar (substituted with Swerve confectioners)
2 tsp pure vanilla extract
1/2 pure almond extract
reserved coconut toasted
1/2 c reserved toasted pecans

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 F. Spray with baking spray and flour 3 [9 in] round cake pans and set aside.
Sift the flour, baking soda and baking powder together.
In the bowl of a stand mixer, cream together the softened butter, granulated sugar, brown sugar, pure vanilla and almond extracts. Beat until creamy and light beige in color (around 3-4 min).
Add the eggs one at a time beating well after each addition.
Add the sifted dry ingredients alternately with the buttermilk. After all has been added, increase the mixer speed and beat until fully combined.
Mix in 1/2 of the coconut and 1 cup of toasted pecans by hand.
Divide the batter evenly between the cake pans. Bake for 25-30 minutes until a toothpick inserted into the center comes back clean. Cool completely on a cooling rack.
For the frosting:
Cream together the cream cheese and butter until light, fluffy and pale yellow in color. Add the vanilla and almond extracts. Gradually add the powdered sugar, beating until creamy and smooth.
Line the edge of the cake place with wax paper strips.
Frost the cake between the layers sprinkling each with reserved toasted pecan pieces. Add the final layer and frost the top and sides.
Press toasted coconut on sides. Decorate the top as desired with the remaining chopped pecans.
Store in fridge or chilled area until gone (do not store at room temperature).

Submitter: 
Julie Gilbert
Description: 
This is a recipe that I found from melissasouthernstylekitchen.com (Melissa Sperka). I have a friend who adores this recipe, so I made it for her birthday.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
25 min
Ready in:
2 hrs
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
