URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64762522/instant-pot-chicken-and-dumplings/
Title:
Instant Pot® Chicken and Dumplings Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1/2 Tbsp olive oil
1 cup diced onion
1/2 cup diced carrot
1/2 cup diced celery
1 bay leaf
1/2 teaspoon thyme
1/2 teaspoon marjoram
4 cups reduced-sodium chicken broth
1 lb bone-in chicken breast, skin removed
1 lb boneless, skinless chicken thighs
1 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper
2 Tbsp butter, softened
2 Tbsp flour
1/2 cup frozen petite peas
1/2 cup frozen green beans
salt and pepper to taste
Dumplings:
1 cup flour
1 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon sald
2 Tbsp cold butter
1 Tbsp fresh parsley, minced
1/2 cup buttermilk

Directions:
Pour the olive oil into a multicooker set to the Saute function, or a stovetop pressure cooker. Cook the onion, carrot, celery, and bay leaf until the vegetables are soft and the onion has turned translucent, about 5 minutes.
Add the chicken broth, chicken thighs, chicken breast, thyme, marjoram, 1 teaspoon salt, and pepper. Cover and seal the lid. Use the Pressure Cook function on high, set to 9 minutes.
When the cooking time is up, use the quick-release function to lower the pressure and remove the lid.
Carefully remove the chicken pieces with tongs and place them in a bowl to cool slightly; discard bay leaf.
Mash the softened butter with the flour to make a smooth paste; set aside.
To make the dumplings, combine the flour, baking powder, and salt in a bowl. Cut in the cold butter until it's the texture of cornmeal. (If you have a mini food processor, it's perfect for this step. Transfer the flour-butter mixture to a bowl before proceeding.) Stir in the minced parsley and set aside.
When the chicken is cool enough to handle, shred the meat and return it to the pot. Taste the broth and adjust the seasoning if needed.
Add the frozen peas and green beans to the pot. Stir in the flour-butter paste, and set the cooker on Saute until the mixture comes back to a boil.
Pour the buttermilk into the dumpling mixture and stir until combined.
Drop the dumpling dough by heaping spoonfuls on top of the stew.
Cover pot with the lid, but leave the steam vent open so it isn't sealed.  Change the function to Slow Cooker set to low and simmer, covered, until the dumplings are cooked through, 10-12 minutes. A skewer inserted in the center of a dumpling should come out clean.

Submitter: 
Doughgirl8
Description: 
I wanted the richness of long-simmered chicken stew, but without the fuss of using a whole chicken. This compromise, using boneless skinless chicken thighs with bone-in chicken breast, gave me the richness of flavor and ease of preparation I was looking for! It's basically chicken pot pie made in a pressure cooker rather than an oven. (And if you want to use this as a pot pie filling, decrease the chicken broth to two cups.)
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
45
Ready in:
70
Number of servings: 
5
Nutritional Facts:
NA
