URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64764762/gingerbread-cheesecake/
Title:
Gingerbread Cheesecake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/7273517.jpg
Ingredients:
Cheesecake:
2 cups gingerbread cookie crumbs
1/4 cup unsalted butter, melted
3 (8 oz) packages cream cheese, room temperature
1 cup dark brown sugar
1/3 cup unsulphured molasses
1 tbsp lemon juice
1 tbsp vanilla extract
2 tsps ground ginger
1 1/2 tsps ground cinnamon
1/2 tsp ground cloves
1/2 tsp ground nutmeg
1/4 tsp ground allspice
Pinch of salt
3 eggs, room temperature
Cinnamon Whipped Cream:
1 cup heavy whipping cream
1/4 cup powdered sugar, or to taste
1/2 tsp vanilla extract
1/2 tsp ground cinnamon, or to taste
Pinch of salt

Directions:
1. Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Grease a 9-inch springform pan. Wrap outside of springform pan 3-4 times with aluminum foil and place it into a larger baking pan. Set aside.
2. Mix together cookie crumbs and melted butter until the mixture resembles wet sand. Pour into springform pan and press evenly into the bottom.
3. In a large bowl, beat cream cheese and brown sugar together until smooth. Mix in molasses, lemon juice, vanilla, ginger, cinnamon, cloves, nutmeg, allspice, and salt until combined. Add in eggs 1 at a time, beating until just combined after each addition. Pour batter over crust in prepared springform pan. Tap springform on counter several times to remove any air bubbles. Place the springform into larger baking pan, and place in the oven. Carefully fill the larger pan with 1 inch of hot water, ensuring no water gets into the springform pan. Bake cheesecake in water bath for 60 minutes at 350, or until the edges of the cheesecake are set, and middle jiggles slightly. Shut oven off, and allow cheesecake to cool to in oven, about 1-2 hours. Remove from oven and water bath. Run a knife around the edge of the springform pan before removing. Refrigerate 4 hours before serving.
4. Prepare cinnamon whipped cream. Combine heavy whipping cream, powdered sugar, vanilla, cinnamon, and salt in a large bowl. Beat ingredients together on medium-high speed until stiff peaks form. Do not overmix. Top cheesecake with whipped cream just before serving.
Notes: I used homemade gingerbread cookies for the crust--you can use store bought gingerbread or gingersnap cookies, if desired.

Submitter: 
Kim
Description: 
A cheesecake version of a classic holiday cookie! The cinnamon whipped cream is optional---but it really adds a nice touch!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
6 hrs 20 mins
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
NA
