URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64764698/chinese-black-bean-sauce/
Title:
Chinese Black Bean Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
8 ounces dried fermented black beans
1.5 cups vegetable oil
1 shallot, diced
3 garlic cloves, minced
2 inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and shredded
4 fresh Thai chilis, chopped (optional)
1/2 tsp ground Sichuan pepper
1/2 tsp ground Chinese five spice
3 tbsp light low sodium tamari
1 tsp brown sugar
2 tbsp Chinese cooking rice wine (Shaoxing)
1 Tsp pure sesame oil

Directions:
Rinse thoroughly and dry the black beans. If you are using the canned type, drain then rinse, then dry. Remove about 1/4 cup and set aside. Roughly chop the rest of the beans.
In a large saucepan, heat the vegetable oil over medium-low heat. Add shallot, garlic, ginger, and chilis. Fry until soft and fragrant. Do not let the ingredients burn. Reduce the heat if necessary. The objective is to slow cook the ingredients. Add all the beans; both chopped and whole. Simmer, stirring often until the beans are soft, about 2 minutes. Add tamari soy sauce, ground Sichuan pepper, ground five spice, brown sugar, and Shaoxing wine. Simmer until thickened, stirring often. Remove from heat. Cool and add the pure sesame oil. Mix and cover. As the sauce rests, the beans will settle and the oil will float, creating a barrier which will protect it from mold. The sauce is ready to use or store in an airtight container in the refrigerator for up to one month.
To use: mix well, use about 1/4 cup for a stir fry for four people. Dilute with a bit of broth, water, or soy sauce to your stir fry. Use as a marinade for ribs, chicken, or fish. Always top with a bit of pure sesame oil to keep it from molding. Add a dollop to your favorite ramen dish as it is a perfect base for noodle dishes or soups.
Notes/Footnotes: Not to be confused with regular black beans, fermented black beans can be found in your local Asian food store or online. They are either canned in liquid or dried sold in resealable bags. If using the canned type, drain before rinsing.

Submitter: 
Buckwheat Queen
Description: 
Fermented black beans mixed with traditional ingredients create one of the most popular stir-fry sauces on a Chinese food menu. This pungent and earthy sauce is easy to make and will last in the refrigerator up to a month. It can also be frozen in small portions to easily be used for a quick stir-fry. Because of the saltiness of the beans, there is no need to add salt in the recipes where you use this sauce.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
