URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64765744/gluten-free-vegan-fruit-cake/
Title:
Gluten-Free Vegan Fruit Cake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/7315061.jpg
Ingredients:
1 cup dried cherries
Brandy, sherry or Amaretto (alternatively you can use 3 cups of hot water)
1/4 cup coconut oil
½ cup coconut sugar
½ cup of agar-agar prepared according to packaging instructions
2 tablespoons lemon juice (approx 1/2 lemon)
1 teaspoon almond extract
Pinch salt
1 cup ground almonds (almond meal)
1 cup gluten-free flour blend
2 heaped teaspoons gluten-free baking powder
1/4 teaspoon baking soda

Directions:
Combine the cherries and sherry, brandy or Amaretto in a bowl, and let soak for 24 hrs in the fridge. Alternatively, you can pour hot water on the cherries to rehydrate them for 15-20 minutes.
Preheat oven to 350F. In a large mixing bowl, add sifted flour, ground almonds, baking powder, and baking soda and mix until well combined.
Place the coconut oil in a separate medium-sized microwavable bowl and place it in the microwave until melted (mine took about 45 sec).
Add the agar-agar (prepared according to packaging instructions) with the lemon juice, almond extract, salt combine in the same bowl as the coconut oil.
Combine the wet ingredients with the dry ones, then add the cherries mixture and enough of the remaining juices so that your batter is moist enough to make a homogenous mixture.
Transfer mixture into a greased 9.5inx5.5in tin lined with parchment paper
Bake in the oven for 30 minutes or until skewer come out clean
Let cool for 15 minutes then serve.

Submitter: 
Happy as a Yam
Description: 
Fruit cakes have a bad rap. Traditional fruit cakes you'll often find strange tasting artificial candied fruits that, quite frankly, could do without. Other vegan fruit cake recipes I found to be dry and crumbly. This recipe redeems fruit cake. Its dense, moist, healthy and epically delicious!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
