URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64769747/very-veggie-marinara/
Title:
Very Veggie Marinara Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
3 TB extra virgin olive oil
1 large yellow onion
1 cup carrots, chopped fine
1 cup celery, chopped fine
1 green bell pepper, diced fine
2 cups baby bella mushrooms, chopped
5 cloves garlic, minced
1/2 cup good Italian white wine, like pinot grigio.
1 6 oz can organic tomato paste
4 28-oz cans San Marzano organic whole Italian peeled tomatoes
3 TB dried oregano
6 TB dried parsley
3 TB dried basil
1 bay leaf
1 tsp red pepper flakes
1 TB salt + 1 tsp salt, divided (or more to taste)

Directions:
Finely chop onion, carrots and celery, set aside.
Finely chop bell pepper and mushrooms, set aside.
Mince garlic or use garlic press, set aside.
Heat large dutch oven or pot over medium heat.
Add 3 TB olive oil to warm pot and heat until shimmering.
Add chopped onion, celery and carrots and cook for about 8 minutes.
Add bell pepper and mushrooms. Cook until softened.
Make well in veggies and add garlic to bottom of pot; cook until fragrant (about 1 minute).
Stir garlic into veggies.
Add white wine and stir into veggies. Let cook for about 2 minutes.
Add 1 tsp salt to veggies and stir.
Add tomato paste, then stir into veggies.
Add all 4 cans of whole tomatoes and break up with a potato masher.
Puree sauce with an immersion hand blender, breaking up all veggies and tomatoes.
Heat sauce until hot and bubbly.
Stir in all spices and remainder of salt to taste.
Reduce heat and let sauce simmer for 15 minutes.
Let sauce cool completely. To let flavors marry, store sauce in the fridge overnight. The next day, portion sauce into airtight containers or 1-quart freezer bags. (I portion mine into 1 or 2-cups per bag.) Store in freezer for up to 4-6 months. If it lasts that long!

Submitter: 
GoldenBelly
Description: 
Get a boat load of veggies without ever knowing they're there! This tomato sauce features more than 6 cups of veggies plus the tomatoes, that all get blended together to form a smooth, flavorful, delectable sauce for pasta, zucchini noodles, dipping sauce and any other use you can imagine. You're already making the sauce, you might as well make it in bulk. Use some right away and freeze the rest for up to 4-6 months. It's to die for!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
40 m
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
NA
