URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64765807/sharons-pecan-pie/
Title:
Sharon's Pecan Pie Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 stick salted butter
3/4 c white sugar
3/4 c dark corn syrup*
1 tsp salt
1 1/2 tsp vanilla
3 eggs (slightly beaten)
2 cups toasted and then coarsely chopped pecans

Directions:
Prepare your preferred pie crust, put into 9" glass Pyrex pan (clear so you can see the bottom crust) and put it in the freezer while you make the filling.  Be sure your crust is not too thin or this batter will seep through and it will be hard to remove from the pan.  I do not pre-bake my crust--if you want to, go ahead, I just never have and the crust turns out nice and brown and crisp without that added step.  I honestly don't know what the freezer step does.  I THINK it hardens the butter in the crust so it doesn't have a chance to "slump" before the filling is set.
Very important to toast the pecans.  Put whole pecans on a baking sheet for about 6-7 minutes at 350.  They are done when they smell like roasted nuts.  Watch them close and stir them if you have to.  If you burn them don't try and use them, you will ruin your pie and be sad--you WILL taste the burn through the sugar.  You toast them whole to give you a margin of error in the toasting process.  Chopped pecans burn quicker.  You can use them, just be careful.
Pre-heat oven to 355--this is a custard pie--you do not want to bake it too hot.  If your oven runs hot, adjust accordingly.  The idea is hot enough to brown the crust but not curdle the filling.
Melt butter in saucepan over medium low heat
Add sugar, corn syrup, salt, vanilla, eggs stir and heat until shiny (not too hot, you don't want to scramble your eggs, you just want to give your filling a head start before you put it in the hot oven.
Add pecans, stir until thoroughly coated
Pour into pie crust
Bake at 355 for 45-50 minutes or until knife inserted 1/2 way to center comes out clean
*If you can find or don't have dark Karo syrup, you can switch out dark brown sugar for the white sugar and light corn syrup for the dark.  But the dark Karo is richer, and better IMHO.

Submitter: 
Sharon Springer Andrews
Description: 
My favorite Thanksgiving food!  No excess goo here, just lots of caramelized pecans.  Serve warm with vanilla ice cream.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 min
Ready in:
2 hrs
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
