URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64767875/mixed-greens-super-salad-with-strawberries-prosciutto-and-candied-pecans/
Title:
Mixed Greens Super Salad with Strawberries, Prosciutto and Candied Pecans Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/7374969.jpg
Ingredients:
(2) containers of Organic Girl Super greens (HT carries them), has red & green swiss chard, tat soi, arugula & spinach
(1) cucumber - skinned, quartered and sliced
(1) bundle of green onion chives, cut into 1/4" ringlets
(1) 4 ounce package of lump crab (artificial crab meat is just as good)
(1) 4 ounce package of prosciutto, rolled and sliced into 1/8" strips
(1) pint of fresh strawberries, sliced into 1/4" slices
(1) small container of Gorgonzola cheese crumbles
(1) 4 ounce package of cinnamon & sugar candied pecans (broken in halves)
(1) bottle of champagne vinaigrette dressing (or you can find a recipe to make your own!)

Directions:
We make this as a layered salad so all the heavier items don't sink, putting lighter at the bottom and building up as follows:
1) rinse greens and dry thoroughly, slice across to make strips about the width of your thumb, layer into bottom of bowl.
2) use a peeler to remove dark outer skin of cucumber, slice it length wise in half, then split each half into quarters, lay all pieces side by side and cut across for 1/8" or thinner small pieces then add layer to top of greens.
3) separate and slice crab into small nickle size pieces, spread and layer on top of cucumbers.
4) rinse green onion stalks and dry, then cut them across about 1/4" wide to make chive ringlets and add this layer on top of the crab.
5) roll prosciutto and make slices across about 1/8" wide, add layer on top of green onion chives.
6) rinse and dry strawberries, slice them approx 1/8" - 1/4" bite size pieces (depends on size of strawberry) and add this as a decorative centerpiece and ring around bowl perimeter of the salad.
7) portion and serve, adding champagne vinaigrette and then Gorgonzola crumbles  and candied pecans on top. Enjoy!

Submitter: 
Keith Hill
Description: 
So much flavor in the bowl! I have blended a few flavors and textures that have sparked my taste buds over the years and wow, what a salad!  Bok Choy, Chards, Arugala and Spinach greens with lump crab, prosciutto, cucumbers, chives, sliced strawberries, cinnamon sugar candied pecans and Gorgonzola cheese crumbles topped with champagne vinaigrette dressing. Oh My!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
15 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
