URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64762639/instant-pot-harissa-hummus/
Title:
Instant Pot® Harissa Hummus Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/7186595.jpg
Ingredients:
1 cup dry chickpeas
2 cups water
1 cup low sodium vegetable broth
1 tbsp lemon juice
2 tbsp tahini
3 tbsp extra virgin olive oil, divided
1 large clove garlic
1/2 tsp salt, or more to taste
2 tbsp prepared harissa paste, divided

Directions:
Soak the chickpeas in water for about two hours. Rub the chickpeas while soaking to help remove the outer skin. Discard any skins that come loose. Drain the chickpeas.
Put the chickpeas, 2 cups water, and 1 cup low sodium vegetable broth in an Instant Pot®. Close and lock the lid. Select high pressure according to manufacturer’s instructions; set timer for 20 minutes. Allow 10 to 15 minutes for pressure to build.
Release pressure carefully using the quick-release method according to manufacturer’s instructions, about 5 minutes. Unlock and remove the lid.
Strain the chickpeas, reserving 3/4 cup of liquid and 1/4 cup cooked chickpeas (for garnish). Put the rest of the chickpeas into the bowl of a food processor fitted with a blade. Add lemon juice, tahini, 2 tbsp evoo, and garlic. Blend until smooth, about three minutes. Scrape down the sides. Add 1/2 cup of the reserved liquid. Blend until creamy adding more liquid if necessary. Add the salt and almost all the harissa paste, leaving aside about one tsp for garnish.
Scrape the hummus into a bowl. Top with remaining evoo and harissa and swirl with a knife, but do not mix in completely. Drop the reserved, whole chickpeas.
The hummus can be served immediately or refrigerated to help flavors meld. Serve at room temperature.

Submitter: 
Buckwheat Queen
Description: 
Classic hummus made from dried chickpeas in your Instant Pot®with the kick of harissa, the smoked pepper paste from North Africa. Serve with warm flatbread or veggies. You can even add some to your soups for a twist in flavor.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
5 min
Ready in:
2 hr 35 min
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
