URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64763302/vegan-gluten-free-pistachio-shortbread-cookies-with-rosewater-icing/
Title:
Vegan & Gluten-Free Pistachio Shortbread Cookies with Rosewater Icing Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/7218926.jpg
Ingredients:
COOKIE INGREDIENTS:
1/2 cup unsalted vegan margarine, room temperature
½ cup of coconut oil (solid format)
¾ cup confectioner’s sugar, sifted
1 ½ teaspoon vanilla extract
¼ teaspoon salt
1 ½ cups brown rice flour, sifted
½ cup pistachios (ground and sifted)
½ tsp of agar-agar (follow package instructions)
VEGAN ROSEWATER ROYAL ICING INGREDIENTS:
3 Tbsp chickpea brine
1 ½ cups of icing sugar
1 Tbsp rose water
1 cup of finely chopped pistachios

Directions:
1. Pre-heat the oven to 350F.
2. In the bowl, cream coconut oil and margarine with an electric mixer for about 2 minutes on medium speed. Add sifted powdered sugar to the mixture one tablespoon at a time. Stir in your vanilla, ground pistachios, and flour and mix until incorporated. Make sure you scrape your bowl to make sure everything gets incorporated. Stir in your prepared agar-agar, then cover the bowl with saran wrap and leave in the fridge overnight. Your dough will become wet once you incorporate the agar-agar, but don't worry, it will harden in the fridge and make it more workable.
3. Remove dough from the fridge and divide it into two parts. Keep the part you are not working with in the fridge, covered with the plastic wrap. Roll the other half on a counter lined with parchment paper until it’s 1/4” thick. You can work your dough into your hands to warm it up if it’s too hard to work with. The dough will become very sticky so I recommend using a saran wrap on top of your dough to roll it out. Use your cookie cutter shape of choice but watch out for any stuck-on cookie dough. I suggest that you rinse off excess cookie dough with hot water between cuts to make a nice clean shape.
4. Place your cookies onto a baking sheet lined with parchment paper. Bake trays anywhere from 10-20 minutes, depending on the size of the cookies you are making. Watch them until the edges turn a golden-brown colour.
Icing Method:
METHOD:
1. Whisk the chickpea brine with an electric mixer until foamy and then add the icing sugar 1 tablespoon at a time to the mixture until fully incorporated and thick. Add in rose water.
2. Dip your cookies into the icing and place them on a cookie sheet. Sprinkle on your chopped pistachios.

Submitter: 
Happy as a Yam
Description: 
Pistachios are by far my favourite nut.  It’s got that aromatic after taste that keeps you coming back for more. You pair that with rosewater, and the  taste is reminiscent of baklavas. Most gluten-free & vegan shortbread recipes I found to be complete fails. This one is surprisingly just like the original version.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
15
Nutritional Facts:
NA
