URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64765770/chef-johns-swedish-meatballs/
Title:
Chef Johns Swedish Meatballs Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Meatballs:
4 tablespoons butter
1 yellow onion, finely chopped
3 teaspoons fine salt
1/2 cup milk
4 large eggs
2/3 cup plain bread crumbs
1 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper
1/2 teaspoon ground nutmeg
1/2 teaspoon ground allspice
2 pinches cayenne pepper, or to taste
2 pound ground beef chuck
2 pound ground pork
cooking spray
Gravy:
3 tablespoons butter
4 tablespoons all-purpose flour
4.5 cups beef broth
2/3 cup heavy cream
1 teaspoon white sugar
1/2 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce
salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste

Directions:
Melt 4 tablespoons butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Cook and stir onion and 3 teaspoons salt in butter until onion begins to turn translucent, about 6 minutes.
Transfer onion mixture to a large bowl. Add milk, eggs, bread crumbs, black pepper, nutmeg, allspice, and cayenne pepper to the breadcrumb mixture; stir to combine.
Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Line a baking sheet with aluminum foil and lightly coat foil with cooking spray.
Roll 3 tablespoons meatball mixture into a ball using wet hands; repeat with remaining meatball mixture. Place meatballs on the prepared baking sheet. (Makes about 32 Meatballs)
Bake in the preheated oven until browned, about 20 minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 160 degrees F (70 degrees C).
Split the meatballs into three portions freezing two or more portions for later use.
To Re-Heat the Meatballs: Melt 3 tablespoons butter in a large skillet over medium heat; whisk flour into butter and cook until golden brown, 4 to 5 minutes.
Slowly whisk beef broth into butter mixture ensure that four and butter mixture completely dissolves. Increase heat to medium-high, whisk cream into mixture and bring to a simmer.
Stir sugar and Worcestershire sauce into gravy. Add thawed meatballs and Simmer until thickened, 10 to 12 minutes.
Season with salt and black pepper and serve over wide egg noodles.

Submitter: 
Sapper26
Description: 
This is Chef Johns Swedish Meatball recipe (https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/231169/chef-johns-swedish-meatballs) with a few tweaks to make it a make ahead meal
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30
Ready in:
1
Number of servings: 
9
Nutritional Facts:
NA
