URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64762567/sinigang-tamarind-broth-with-pork-and-vegetables/
Title:
Sinigang (Tamarind Broth With Pork and Vegetables) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/7183078.jpg
Ingredients:
2  tablespoons neutral oil, such as canola
12  whole garlic cloves, crushed
2  pounds boneless pork shoulder, cut into 1 1/2-inch pieces, excess fat trimmed
Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper
2  cups Vietnamese concentrated cooking tamarind (“nuoc me chua”), or 1 (14-ounce) block tamarind paste, liquefied (see Tip)
2  medium yellow onions, halved from tip to tip, then each half cubed into 4 quarters
¼  cup fish sauce
2  whole serrano chiles
1  daikon (1 3/4 pounds), peeled and sliced into 1 1/2-inch chunks
½  pound long beans, cut into 2-inch pieces
1  Japanese eggplant (about 5 ounces), sliced into 1-inch pieces
2  medium tomatoes, halved, then each half cubed into 4 quarters
10  ounces baby spinach (about 8 packed cups)
½  cup fresh lemon juice (from 2 to 3 lemons)
Steamed jasmine rice, for serving

Directions:
Step 1
In a large pot, heat the oil over medium-high until shimmering. Add the garlic and cook until toasted, 1 minute. Add the pork, season with 1 1/2 tablespoons salt and 1/2 teaspoon pepper and cook, stirring occasionally, until lightly browned, about 4 minutes. Add the tamarind, onion, fish sauce, serrano chiles and 10 cups water, and bring to a boil over high.
Step 2
Once the mixture comes to a boil, lower the heat to medium, cover and simmer until the pork is softened but not fully tender, about 1 1/2 hours.
Step 3
Stir in the daikon, cover and continue to simmer until daikon is tender and the pork is yielding, about 30 minutes.
Step 4
Uncover and discard the chiles. Add the long beans, eggplant, tomatoes and spinach and cook, stirring occasionally, until the vegetables are tender, about 20 minutes.
Step 5Stir in the lemon juice. Serve over rice.
Tip
To liquefy block tamarind, first, break the tamarind block into 1-inch chunks, and put it in a mixing bowl. Add 2 1/2 cups boiling water, push the tamarind into the water, and let soften for 5 minutes. Break the tamarind up with a fork, and let sit another 15 minutes to soften. Mash up the tamarind again, then pour everything through a fine-mesh strainer into another mixing bowl, pressing and mashing the solids in the strainer to extract as much jammy tamarind pulp as possible. (Don’t forget to scrape off the underside of the strainer, where the pulp will collect.) Whisk together the resulting tamarind sauce, then transfer to a measuring cup — you should have about 2 cups. If necessary, add water to make 2 cups.

Submitter: 
Jill Sander
Description: 
You always measure sinigang by sourness, Here, sour is a power move, hitting you all the way at the back of your tongue. Whole serrano chiles bring a low-frequency spicy hum, adding not so much heat as depth. The daikon should be left in big, juicy chunks, so when you bite into them, you get an unexpected touch of coolness in the hot broth.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 min
Ready in:
2 hrs 30 min
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
