URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64763310/marbled-chocolate-pumpkin-muffins/
Title:
Marbled Chocolate-Pumpkin Muffins Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/7219208.jpg
Ingredients:
1 1/4 cups whole wheat flour
1 tsp baking powder
1 tsp baking soda
1/4 tsp salt
1 1/2 tsps ground cinnamon
1/2 tsp ground cloves
1/2 tsp ground nutmeg
1/4 tsp ground allspice
1 cup pumpkin puree (not pie filling)
1/4 cup unsalted butter, melted and cooled
1/2 cup pure maple syrup
1/2 cup plain whole milk Greek yogurt
2 eggs, room temperature
2 tsps vanilla extract
1/3 cup sifted dark cocoa powder (such as Hershey's Special Dark)
1/2 cup dark chocolate chips (optional)

Directions:
1. Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Line a 12 cup muffins tin with liners.
2. In a medium bowl, whisk together whole wheat flour, baking powder, baking soda, salt, cinnamon, cloves, nutmeg, and allspice until thoroughly combined.
3. In a separate bowl, whisk together pumpkin, melted butter, maple syrup, Greek yogurt, eggs, and vanilla extract until thoroughly combined, and no lumps remain. Add half of the flour mixture into the pumpkin mixture, and stir until just combined. Mix in the other half of the flour mixture and stir until just combined--taking care to not overmix.
4. Divide the batter evenly between 2 bowls. Add cocoa powder to one half of the batter, and whisk until just combined. Fold chocolate chips, if using, into chocolate batter. Both batters will be somewhat thick.
5. Spoon batter into prepared muffin tin, alternating about 1 tbsp of each of the pumpkin and chocolate batters, until each muffin cup is approximately 3/4s of the way full. Gently holding down the edges of each muffin liner, use a bamboo skewer or butter knife to swirl the batter together 2 or 3 times. The chocolate chips may prevent some of the swirling, but just move your skewer or knife around them and continue on. After each muffin has been "swirled", place them into the oven and bake for 19-23 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted into the center of the muffins comes out with a few moist crumbs--do not overbake. Cool 5 minutes in pan before removing to a wire rack to cool completely.
Note: The combo of the batter being slightly thick, alongside the use of chocolate chips, can make the swirling of the batter a bit tricky. Just make sure to hold the edges of the liners fairly securely, and move the skewer/knife around as best you can. Don't swirl more than 2 or 3 times or it will lose its effect. Make sure to only just bake these until a few moist crumbs stick to a toothpick, or they'll be dry.

Submitter: 
Kim
Description: 
A healthy-ish way to enjoy a tasty--and eye-catching--chocolate and pumpkin muffin! They are even better the next day too!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20-30 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
