URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64763896/lemon-pepper-harissa-wings/
Title:
Lemon Pepper Harissa Wings Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/7244469.jpg
Ingredients:
1 pound chicken wings (about 6 wings, drumettes attached)
2 Tbsp lemon pepper (see note)
1/2 cup harissa paste, divided
2 tbsp honey
1 tbsp fresh lemon zest

Directions:
Mix together 2 tbsp lemon pepper seasoning and 1 tbsp harissa paste. Pat dry the wings. Put the wings into a zip top bag. Pour in the seasoning mix. Close and shake, massaging the seasoning over all the wings. Make sure every part of the wing has the marinade on it. Refrigerate for an hour or more.
Mix the remaining harissa paste with the honey. Whisk until fully combined. Set aside.
Remove the wings from the refrigerator. Cover a large baking sheet with parchment paper. Preheat the oven to 400° F. While the oven preheats, allow the chicken wings to come to room temperature.
Place the wings, meaty side up, on the parchment paper with at least one inch between each wing. Baste the exposed side with the harissa/honey sauce.
Bake the wings for 15 minutes. Turn each wing and baste with the remaining sauce. Bake until cooked throughout and the internal temperature reaches 165° F, about 10-15 minutes more. Turn on the broiler and crisp if desired. Top with fresh lemon zest before serving.
Cook's Note:  I use homemade lemon pepper for this recipe. Dry the zest of two organic lemons, add 1 tbsp (or more to taste) multi-colored peppercorns. Grind in a food processor fitted with a blade. Add one quarter tsp dried garlic and one quarter tsp dried onion. Pulse until fine and combined completely. Store in the refrigerator in an airtight container. Use within two weeks.

Submitter: 
Buckwheat Queen
Description: 
You don’t need a bunch of ingredients to make out-of-this-world wings. A few flavor packed ingredients will do! Tangy, woody lemon pepper mixed with the complex, smokey spice of harissa are enough to give your usual wings some extra lift.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
NA
