URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64762853/dal-makkhani/
Title:
Dal Makkhani Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
FOR THE DAL:
1 cup whole urad with skin (sabut ma)
½ cup dried red kidney beans (rajma)
1 cup puréed or strained
tomatoes, or passata
1 (2-inch) piece fresh ginger, peeled and grated (about 4 teaspoons)
1 large garlic clove, crushed
¼ to ½ teaspoon chili powder, such as ground cayenne, to taste
Kosher salt
½ cup heavy cream
1 teaspoon garam masala
1 tablespoon unsalted butter, plus more as needed
FOR THE TARKA:
2 tablespoons peanut oil or ghee
½ small onion, halved lengthwise and thinly sliced
¼ teaspoon ground paprika
¼ teaspoon chili powder, such as ground cayenne

Directions:
Step 1
Prepare the beans: Wash urad and beans, and soak them
overnight at room temperature, in water that covers them
generously. Drain them.
Step 2
Put the beans into an electric pressure cooker. Add tomatoes,
ginger, garlic, chili powder, 1 teaspoon salt and 4 cups water.
Close and seal the lid, then set to cook on high pressure for
30 minutes, before letting the pressure release naturally. (If
pressure still hasn’t released naturally after 15 minutes,
quick-release the pressure.)
Step 3
As pressure releases, prepare the tarka: Put the oil or ghee in
a small frying pan over medium heat. When hot, arrange the
onions in a single layer. Stir and fry them, turning now and
then, until they turn reddish gold and crisp, 5 to 7 minutes.
Sprinkle with paprika and chili powder, and remove from
heat.
Step 4
Once the pressure has released, hit cancel to reset the
pressure cooker. Open the lid carefully, venting the steam
away from you. Stir the dal. Using a potato masher, crush the
dal as much as you can. Taste, adding salt as needed.
Step 5
Select the sauté setting, and set to normal. Add the cream,
garam masala and 1 tablespoon butter, and stir until dal
reaches desired consistency. Transfer dal to a serving dish
and add another dollop of butter on top. Top with tarka.

Submitter: 
Jill Sander
Description: 
This recipe is a relatively fast way to a rich, satisfying dish.  Don’t skip the tarka:
Thinly sliced onions are cooked in ghee until deep in color and then tossed with paprika and chili powder, adding a bright flavor that cuts through the rich dal. Serve it with Indian flatbreads, like naan, roti or parathas, though Ms. Jaffrey also recommends whole-wheat pita.
Tip
To make your own Garam Masala, put 1 tablespoon cardamom seeds; 1 teaspoon black peppercorns; 1 teaspoon black cumin (shah zeera); 1 teaspoon whole cloves; 
1 (2-inch) cinnamon stick, broken up; and 3/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg i
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 min
Ready in:
1 hr 15 min
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
