URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64763676/venison-and-sweet-potato-shepherds-pie/
Title:
Venison and Sweet Potato Shepherd's Pie Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/7234883.jpg
Ingredients:
Filling:
2 tbsps vegetable oil
1 large onion, chopped
4 cloves garlic, chopped
8 oz cremini mushrooms, washed and sliced
2 carrots, peeled and chopped
1 celery stalk, chopped
1 lbs ground venison
1/2 tsp salt, or to taste
1/2 tsp ground black pepper, or to taste
1/2 tsp dried sage
1 tsp dried thyme
1 tsp dried oregano
1 tsp garlic powder
1 tsp onion powder
2 tbsps flour
2/3 cup dry white wine
1 cup low-sodium chicken broth
1 cup frozen peas
Topping:
1 large sweet potato (about 1 1/2-2 lbs)
1/2 tsp salt, or to taste
1/4 tsp ground black pepper, or to taste
1/4 tsp dried sage
Pinch of freshly ground nutmeg
2 tbsps unsalted butter, softened
2 tbsps milk, or more as needed
1/2 cup shredded sharp cheddar cheese

Directions:
1. Preheat oven to 375. Pierce sweet potato several times with a fork and wrap with tin foil. Place on a baking sheet and bake for 70-90 minutes, or until sweet potato is fork tender. Remove from oven, and allow to cool.
2. Reduce oven heat to 350. Lightly grease a deep-dish 9-inch pie plate and place on a rimmed baking sheet. Set aside.
3. Prepare filling. In a Dutch oven, heat vegetable oil over medium-high heat. Add in onion, garlic, mushrooms, carrots, and celery. Sprinkle with salt. Cook until vegetables are softened, about 5-7 minutes. Add venison, salt, pepper, sage, thyme, oregano, garlic powder, and onion powder to the pot. Stir to combine, breaking up any larger pieces of venison. Cook an additional 5-7 minutes, or until venison is not longer pink in the middle. Add in flour, and cook 1 minute. Pour in white wine and stir to loosen any brown bits from the bottom of the pan. Cook until wine has reduced slightly, about 2-3 minutes. Add in broth, and stir to combine. Allow mixture to come back to a simmer, and cook an additional 5-10 minutes, or until the filling has thickened. Stir in frozen peas. Taste, and adjust salt and pepper as necessary. Remove from heat and allow to cool slightly.
4. Prepare topping. Once the sweet potato is cool enough to handle, peel the skin off and place the flesh in a large bowl. Add in butter, milk, salt, pepper, sage, and nutmeg. Beat, using a mixer, until ingredients are combined. Gently mix in cheese.
5. Assemble the pie. Pour filling into prepared deep-dish pie plate. Top with sweet potato mixture and gently spread it across the top, covering most of the filling. Place in the oven (on a rimmed baking sheet) and bake for about 30 minutes, or until top is set and filling is bubbling. Allow to cool slightly before serving.
Note: To save time, you can boil to sweet potatoes, instead of roasting, if you prefer. Use any kind of cheese you like for the topping. Make sure to put the pie plate on a rimmed baking sheet, as the filling likes bubble over a bit while baking. For a crispier top: make sure to use a broiler safe pan, and place the pie under the broiler for a few minutes after baking.

Submitter: 
Kim
Description: 
A hearty, warming, and comforting dish that's perfect for opening day!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
