URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64762946/sugar-free-chocolate-chip-protein-muffins/
Title:
Sugar-Free Chocolate Chip Protein Muffins Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/7201011.jpg
Ingredients:
1 1/2 C Oat Flour
4 Scoops Chocolate Casein-based protein powder (I use Beverly International's UMP)
2 T cocoa powder
1 tsp. baking powder
1 tsp. baking soda
1/2 t salt
6 eggs OR 12 egg whites OR egg whites and eggs to make 1 1/2 C
1/2 C sugtar-free maple syrup
1/2 C stevia or calorie-free sweetener of choice
1/3 C unsweetened applesauce
2 tsp. vanilla extract
1/4 C oil of choice (I usually use canola oil)
1/2 C to whole package sugar-free chocolate chips (I usually use Hershey's_

Directions:
Heat oven to 350F.  Grease 12 muffin cups or line with cupcake liners.
Stir together in a large bowl the oat flour, protein powder, cocoa powder, baking powder, baking soda, and salt.  Set aside.
In a larger bowl beat together with a wire whisk the eggs, syrup, sweetener, applesauce, vanilla, and oil.
Stir the dry ingredients into the wet ingredients until just combined.  Then stir in the chocolate chips.
Evenly distribute the batter into the prepared muffin cups.  They will be very full!
Bake in preheated oven 15 minutes.  Do the toothpick text.  If it's really gooey, bake another 3 minutes or so and test again.  There might be a bit clinging to the toothpick because of the chocolate chips.
Place pan on a rack and cool for about 10 minutes, then remove muffins that are not in liners, so that the don't stick .  If they are in liners, they can cool completely in the tin.
Eat when warm of cool.

Submitter: 
Nancy Anne Morris Martin
Description: 
This is my favorite of my protein snack recipes.  I believe they are also gluten-free.  Cover and refrigerate to store.

If you don't like sugar-free ingredients, swap 'em out for the equivalent with sugar.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15
Ready in:
40
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
