URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64768715/cranberry-orange-curd-tart/
Title:
Cranberry-Orange Curd Tart Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/7405641.jpg
Ingredients:
Crust:
1 cup all-purpose flour
1/4 cup sugar
1 1/2 tsps ground ginger
1/4 tsp salt
1/2 cup unsalted butter, melted
1 tsp vanilla extract
1/4 tsp almond extract
Filling:
12 oz fresh or frozen cranberries
1 large orange, zested and juiced
1 cup sugar
1 egg, room temperature
4 egg yolks, room temperature
1 tsp vanilla extract
Pinch of salt
4 tbsps unsalted butter, cut into 4 pieces

Directions:
1. Preheat oven to 350. Lightly grease a 9 inch tart pan with removable bottom.
2. Make the crust. In a small bowl, combine flour, sugar, ginger, and salt. Mix in melted butter, vanilla, and almond extract until mixture is combined, and comes together in a thick dough. Press dough evenly in the bottom and up the sides of the tart pan. Place tart pan on a large baking sheet, then place in the oven and bake until the crust is golden, about 20-25 minutes.
3. Prepare filling. In a large bowl, beat together egg and egg yolks. Set aside.
4. In a large saucepan, combine cranberries and sugar. Cook over medium heat until cranberries pop and sugar is dissolved, about 8-10 minutes. Pour mixture into a blender. Add in orange juice, orange zest, vanilla, and a pinch of salt. Leave lid vent open on blender--do not seal lid without having a way for the steam to vent--and cover lid with a kitchen towel. Blend on low speed until mixture is smooth and thoroughly pureed. (Alternatively, if you have an immersion blender, you can add ingredients to the saucepan and blend it all in there.) Gradually pour the warm cranberry mixture into the eggs, whisking constantly. Pour curd back into saucepan and cook over low heat until mixture is thickened, about 8-10 minutes. Remove pan from heat, and stir in butter 1 tbsp at a time until thoroughly combined, ensuring each piece has thoroughly melted before adding the next. Strain mixture through a fine mesh sieve. Discard solids.
5. Pour strained curd into the prepared crust and bake at 350 for 20-25 minutes, or until curd is set around the edges and jiggles slightly in the center. Allow to cool to room temperature before removing from tart pan.

Submitter: 
Kim
Description: 
A beautiful and tasty tart full of cranberry-orange flavor! If shortbread crusts aren't your thing, feel free to use your favorite pastry crust instead!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 hr
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
