URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64768617/chill-chaser-chicken-dinner/
Title:
Chill-Chaser Chicken Dinner Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/7401540.jpg
Ingredients:
2 tablespoons chipotle pepper in adobo sauce, puréed
1 tablespoon honey
1/2 teaspoon ground mixed peppercorns
1/2 cup orange juice
3 garlic cloves, peeled and smashed
1/4 cup fresh cilantro leaves, packed
salt and pepper
2 boneless, skinless chicken breasts
1/4 cup boiling water
1 chai spice black tea bag
2 tablespoons olive oil
2 cups mashed potatoes
1/2 cup shredded provolone cheese
1/4 cup water, plus more if needed
1 tablespoon chopped fresh cilantro

Directions:
Combine the chipotle in adobo, honey, peppercorns, orange juice, garlic and 1/4 cup cilantro in a food processor. Pulse until mixed, then run continuously until only small bits remain, about a minute. The sauce will be very thin. Season with salt and pepper, then transfer sauce to a medium bowl.
Steep the tea bag in the boiling water for 5 minutes. Pierce the chicken all over with a sharp fork, such as a carving fork, then immerse the chicken in the chipotle sauce. Pour the hot tea over the chicken, discard the tea bag. With your hands, mush the chicken into the sauce until it is fully coated and penetrates the pierced meat. Set aside and allow to marinate for 15 minutes.
While the meat marinates, heat up the mashed potatoes and stir in the provolone cheese until smooth and creamy. Season with salt and pepper. Set aside, cover, and keep warm over low heat.
Heat the olive oil in a medium skillet until it is very hot and beginning to smoke. Sear the chicken on both sides, about a minute on each side. Reduce the heat to medium and pour the chipotle sauce over the chicken. Cover and simmer over medium for 20 minutes, basting every five minutes. When basting, be sure to scoop up as many herbs as possible. After 15 minutes or so, the pan will begin to dry out. Add the 1/4 cup water and with a wooden spoon or kitchen tongs, scrape up the dark bits from the bottom of the skillet and stir them into the sauce. The water should darken to a beautiful terra cotta color as the liquid picks up all the flavors on the bottom. Continue to baste the chicken, adding more water if needed - one tablespoon at a time. Replace the cover and continue to cook for 5 more minutes.
Spoon equal amounts of the mashed potatoes onto 2 plates, swirling them into discs in preparation for the chicken. (Make sure to leave ridges in the potatoes with the spoon to catch the gravy!) Place a chicken breast on top of the potatoes on each plate. Spoon the juices from the pan over the chicken and potatoes, then garnish with the chopped cilantro. For an extra flavor boost, sprinkle with more shredded provolone.

Submitter: 
Christy Boston's Kitchen
Description: 
This stove top chicken works great if you are looking for winter recipes that take less than an hour to make. Prepare the potatoes ahead for a complete chicken dinner! The smoky chipotle sauce with hints of citrus pairs well with the provolone to make a warm, cozy dinner. (Perfect for date night if you happen to be snowed in.)
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
45 m
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
NA
