URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64767616/instant-pot-vegan-chili-con-yaca/
Title:
Instant Pot Vegan Chili con Yaca Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/7356626.jpg
Ingredients:
1/2 cup dried black beans
1/2 cup dried kidney beans
1/2 cup dried pinto beans
2 tbsp olive oil
10 ounces frozen green jackfruit, thawed and drained
2 chopped fresh jalapenos, or to taste
1 large yellow onion
2 garlic cloves
1/2 cup cremini mushrooms
1/2 cup oyster mushrooms
7 ounces fresh pumpkin
1 cup fresh corn kernels
1/4 cup strong coffee
1 cup dark beer
1 (15 ounce) can crushed tomatoes
2 tbsp tomato paste
3 tbsp liquid smoke
3 tbsp dark soy sauce
2 tbsp bitters (such as Angostura®)
Salt and pepper, to taste
1 tbsp brown sugar
1 tbsp Mexican oregano
1 tbsp crushed chipotle pepper flakes
1 tbsp ground cumin
1 tsp ground coriander
1 tsp smoked paprika
1 tsp paprika
1 tsp ground cinnamon

Directions:
Soak the beans for one hour in separate bowls in warm water. This step is to help remove gas producing compounds in the beans. During this time, chop the jalapeno, onion, garlic, mushrooms, and pumpkin. Pat dry the drained jackfruit.
Using the sauté function heat 2 tbsp olive oil, sauté the jackfruit pieces until browned. Leave big chunks of jackfruit. This gives the chili a meaty texture. Add chopped onion, chopped jalapeno, minced garlic, and chopped mushrooms. Sauté and stir until onions are soft and translucent.
Turn off sauté function. Add drained beans, pumpkin, corn, coffee, beer, tomato paste, and can of crushed tomatoes. Fill the can with cold water. Pour it in.
Add the liquid smoke, dark soy sauce, bitters, salt and pepper to taste, brown sugar, Mexican oregano, chipotle flakes, cumin, coriander, both paprikas, and cinnamon. Give it a stir to combine the ingr. Close the lid and seal. Set Stew function for 25 minutes.
Allow the natural release for 10-15 minutes. Open and stir.
Serve with cheese, sour cream, and avocado if desired.

Submitter: 
Buckwheat Queen
Description: 
This Texas style chili uses chunks of jackfruit mixed with beans and veggies to create a hearty meal even meat lovers will enjoy. Using bitters, liquid smoke, and dark soy sauce create a smooth flavor similar to Worcestershire sauce; while stout beer and coffee lend a depth of flavor and body associated with traditional chili con carne. This recipe makes a full 7 quarts, good for your get together or freeze some.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
60 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
9
Nutritional Facts:
NA
