URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64769623/the-oops-i-forgot-to-thaw-the-chicken-dinner/
Title:
The "Oops! I Forgot to Thaw the Chicken” Dinner Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/7437136.jpg
Ingredients:
2 frozen chicken breasts (approx. 250 grams each), frozen separately*
1 cup brown basmati rice, rinsed
1 Tbsp olive oil
1 tsp salt
2.5 cups low sodium chicken broth
2 carrots, sliced
1 shallot, sliced
1 clove garlic (or to taste), sliced
2 tsp lemon pepper seasoning
1/4 cup chopped cilantro

Directions:
Add rinsed rice to an Instant Pot. Stir in broth, olive oil and 1 tsp salt. Add sliced carrots, shallots, and garlic. Place the frozen chicken breasts on top about two inches apart. Sprinkle lemon pepper seasoning over everything.
Set the machine to Poultry Setting for 12 minutes.
Once the 12 cooking minutes have passed, allow to naturally release for 5 minutes. Release any remaining pressure. Check the temperature of the chicken breast at the thickest section. The temperature should be 165° Fahrenheit. If it is not, seal the lid and cook another 3-5 minutes, adding 1/4 cup liquid if needed.
Release the pressure. Remove the chicken breasts, fluff the rice with a fork. Put the rice and veggies on a plate. Top with chicken breasts, sprinkle chopped, fresh cilantro on top before serving.
Footnotes:
The chicken breasts should be separated. If they are frozen together, add an extra 1/4 cup liquid and increase cooking time by 5 minutes.
You can use any seasoning powder you prefer; cajun, taco, curry. Any powdered seasoning mix will work.
I have only used brown basmati rice with this recipe. Using white rice will require adjusting cooking time and liquid.

Submitter: 
Buckwheat Queen
Description: 
Frozen chicken breasts, basmati rice, and whatever veggies you have on hand turn into a healthy, filling, and delicious dinner on those nights when you don’t have time to mess with thawing your chicken. Every time I make this I am so happy with how tender and juicy the chicken is, as well as how perfect the rice comes out;  fluffy, never mushy.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
