URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64761799/pumpkin-pie-truffles/
Title:
Pumpkin Pie Truffles Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/7154017.jpg
Ingredients:
12 ounces ginger snaps
1 tablespoon ground cinnamon
8 ounces cream cheese, softened
1/4 cup pumpkin puree
22 ounces (2 packages) White Baking Chips
freshly grated nutmeg, for garnish

Directions:
1. Add the ginger snaps to a food processor and pulse until coarsely ground. Add cinnamon and pulse until well combined.
2. Using a spoon, break up the cream cheese and add it in an even layer on top of the crumbs in the food processor. Add the pumpkin puree. Process on high until mixture begins to bind up, then switch to low speed and continue to process until mixture becomes smooth and creamy, about 1-2 minutes more. The mixture will resemble thick frosting. Transfer the mixture to a bowl and refrigerate for a minimum of 4 hours.
3. Once the mixture has set and is firm, form it into balls (about 1 to 1 1/2 tablespoons per ball). Place the balls on a parchment-lined baking sheet. You should have about 30 balls when finished. Place the baking sheet with the balls into the freezer and allow to freeze a minimum of 7 hours or overnight.
4. When the truffles have finished freezing, transfer them from the baking sheet to a bowl and place them back into the freezer. Keep the baking sheet with the parchment paper next to the stove where you will be melting the chocolate.
5. Melt the white chocolate in a double boiler, stirring frequently until smooth and no lumps remain. Keep a rubber spatula, a fork and a small spoon nearby.
6. Remove one truffle from the freezer and drop it into the melted white chocolate. (You do not want them to warm up, so it is important to take them out of the freezer only one at a time.) Use the spoon to gently roll it around in the chocolate until it is completely coated, working quickly so that the truffle does not lose its shape. Carefully remove the truffle from the chocolate by lifting it up with a fork (do not pierce the truffle with the fork). Gently tap the fork on the side of the pot to remove any excess chocolate. Use the spoon to scrape the underside of the fork on which the truffle is resting, further removing any excess chocolate so that it drips back into the pot. Keeping the fork level so that the truffle does not roll off, carefully move it to the parchment-lined baking sheet. Lay the fork on the sheet and use the spoon to gently slide the truffle off onto the sheet, then quickly pull the spoon away from the truffle with a slight flick of the wrist to keep the chocolate intact around it. This may take some practice, so be patient! If some of the chocolate comes away from the truffle, simply spoon some more over it to cover the bare spot. (Don't worry if the chocolate pools around the truffle, you can always trim it off later when it cools.) Repeat this process with the remaining truffles.
*Note: If the chocolate starts to bind up, don't fret. You are adding something frozen to something that has been melted, so the chocolate may cool down a bit and begin to solidify. If this happens, and it probably will, use t

Submitter: 
Christy Boston's Kitchen
Description: 
This is the perfect Thanksgiving dessert idea because these truffles require only 6 ingredients and they can be made up to a week in advance. They are very rich and creamy, and oh so gourmet... Just put them in a bowl and let everyone help themselves. So easy!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
12 h 50 m
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
