URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64769606/yukon-cornelius-pull-apart-cupcake-cake/
Title:
Yukon Cornelius Pull-Apart Cupcake Cake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/7436725.jpg
Ingredients:
24 dark chocolate cupcakes
Peppermint-White Chocolate Ganache:
20 oz white chocolate chips (such as Ghiradelli)
8 oz heavy whipping cream
1/2 tsp peppermint extract, or to taste
1/3 cup crushed peppermint candies
Peppermint Buttercream Frosting:
1 1/2 cups unsalted butter, softened
5-6 cups powdered sugar, or as needed
1/4 tsp salt
1 1/2 tsps vanilla extract
1 tsp peppermint extract, or to taste
1/3 cup heavy cream, or as needed
For Decorating:
Red and yellow food coloring
1 tsp cocoa powder, or as needed
2 dark chocolate chips (such as Ghiradelli) for the eyes
Large marshmallows (optional)
4 Piping bags
4 Couplers
Large round piping tips and a large open star piping tip

Directions:
1. Core cupcakes using a knife or cupcake corer, cutting about halfway down. Save cupcake centers for another use (such as for making a batch of cake balls).
2. Prepare ganache. In a large microwave safe bowl, add white chocolate chips and heavy cream. Heat at half power for 30 second intervals, stirring after each interval, until chocolate is melted and smooth. Mix in peppermint extract and crushed candies until thoroughly combined. Allow to cool 10 minutes, stirring often. Place ganache in a piping bag or ziploc bag with corner cut off. Fill each cupcake to the top with ganache. Allow them to sit until ganache firms up and doesn't "smudge" when pressed lightly with fingertips, about 15-20 minutes.
3. Prepare frosting. In a large bowl, cream butter until smooth. Beat in powdered sugar 1 cup at a time, mixing well after each addition. Mix in salt and extracts. Add in heavy cream, and beat on medium-high speed until light and fluffy, about 3-5 minutes. If frosting is too thick, add more heavy cream--or if it is too thin, add more powdered sugar until frosting is a spreadable consistency that still holds its shape. Place a small amount of frosting in a separate bowl and color it yellow for the ear muffs. Divide remaining frosting in half. To one half of the divided frostinf, add 1 tsp cocoa powder (or more as needed) and red food coloring to achieve an auburn color. Divide remaining white frosting in half again. Color one half peach using a very light amount of red and yellow food coloring. Color remaining frosting red. Put each into a piping bag fitted with a coupler.
4. On a large cake board or serving platter, arrange cupcakes, starting from the top. Begin with 1 cupcake at the top. Follow with a row of 2 cupcakes, making sure they stay as close as possible. (If cupcakes slide around, affix a small amount of frosting to the bottom of them so they stick to the serving platter or cake board.) Follow with a row of 3 cupcakes, then a row of 5 cupcakes, a row of 4 cupcakes, another row of 5 cupcakes, and finally a last row of 4 cupcakes. Make sure the cupcakes are as close to one another as possible. If there are any large gaps, you can use large marshmallows, trimmed to fit, in order to fill them in and make a flatter, more cohesive surface to frost.
5. Beginning with the top 6 cupcakes (the rows with 1 cupcake, 2 cupcakes, and 3 cupcakes in them), frost the hat portion of the cake using the red frosting and large round tip. Smooth center portion using an offset spatula, if desired. Next, use the peach frosting to frost the center 3 cupcakes in the row of 5 below the hat---leaving a cupcake on each side unfrosted for the ear muffs. Smooth with an offset spatula. Affix the 2 dark chocolate chips upside-down for the eyes in the center of the peach fro

Submitter: 
Kim
Description: 
Yukon Cornelius is my favorite, and an all time classic, character from Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer. Did you know that when he would throw his pickaxe into the ice and taste the end of it, that he was actually looking for peppermint to mine? As such, I created this cupcake cake in his image with dark chocolate cupcakes filled with a peppermint-white chocolate ganache, and topped with peppermint buttercream. This is a fun and showstopping dessert--perfect for a Rudolph watch party!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
4-8 hrs
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
NA
