URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64760098/my-baking-addictions-pumpkin-roll/
Title:
My Baking Addiction's Pumpkin Roll Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
FOR THE CAKE
1/4 cup powdered sugar (to sprinkle on towel)
3/4 cup all-purpose flour
1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1 tablespoon pumpkin pie spice
1/4 teaspoon salt
3 large eggs
1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract
1 cup granulated sugar
2/3 cup pure pumpkin puree
FOR THE FILLING
1 (8 ounce) package cream cheese, softened
1 cup powdered sugar, sifted
6 tablespoons butter, softened
1 teaspoon vanilla extract

Directions:
INSTRUCTIONS
Preheat oven to 375°F. Line a 15 x 10-inch jelly-roll pan with parchment paper and spray with non-stick cooking spray. Sprinkle a clean tea towel with powdered sugar. Set pan and towel aside.
In a medium bowl, combine flour, baking powder, baking soda, pumpkin pie spice and salt.
In a large bowl with an electric mixer, beat eggs, vanilla and sugar until thick.
Add in pumpkin and mix to combine.
Stir in flour mixture.
Spread batter evenly into prepared pan.
Bake for 13 to 15 minutes or until top of cake springs back when touched.
Immediately loosen and turn cake onto prepared towel. Carefully peel off paper. Roll up cake and towel together, starting with narrow end. Cool on wire rack.
In a medium bowl, beat cream cheese, powdered sugar, butter and vanilla extract until smooth.
Carefully unroll cake; remove towel.
Spread cream cheese mixture over cake. Reroll cake.
Wrap in plastic wrap and refrigerate at least one hour.
NOTES
Store prepared Pumpkin Roll in refrigerator for up to 5 days. You can also wrap tightly in a layer of plastic wrap and then foil and store in freezer for up to one month. Remove frozen Pumpkin Roll to room temperature one hour before serving.

Submitter: 
John Boronkas
Description: 
Delicious pumpkin roll with a cream cheese filling... Perfect fall dessert!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 min
Ready in:
2 hrs
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
