URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64762658/maxines-coconut-pie-and-chocolate/
Title:
Maxine's Coconut Pie (and chocolate) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/7187750.jpg
Ingredients:
1 cup granulated sugar (plus 5 tablespoons)
2 heaping tablespoons all-purpose flour
4 large eggs, separated
splash of water
2 cups milk
4 tablespoons butter
2 teaspoons vanilla extract, divided
1 teaspoon  baking powder
1 cup flaked coconut, divided
1 pie crust, baked

Directions:
In a medium-sized saucepan, stir together 1 cup of sugar, flour, egg yolks, and water. Stir until smooth. Place milk and butter in microwave-safe bowl and microwave on high for six minutes.
Meanwhile, place egg whites into a bowl of stand mixer. Add 1 teaspoon of vanilla, 5 tablespoons sugar, and baking powder. Place bowl on mixer and beat on high while you cook filling.
Add warm milk mixture and 1 teaspoon of vanilla to dry ingredients in saucepan and mix well. Place pan over medium-high heat on stovetop. Cook, stirring constantly, for 6-8 minutes until the mixture becomes the consistency of pudding. Remove from the heat and stir in 3/4 cup of coconut. Pour into baked pie shell.
Spread meringue on top of hot filling. Spread with spatula, making sure to seal the edges. Sprinkle remaining coconut on the top.
Place in 375 degree oven and bake for 8 minutes, until the top is slightly browned. Remove and place on rack to cool.
For a chocolate pie—replace coconut with 3 tbsp of cocoa. Mix cocoa to sugar and flour before mixing other ingredients

Submitter: 
Dale Tadlock
Description: 
Growing up, my favorite dessert was the coconut pie at the cafeteria owned by the Craig family in my hometown. They were the best. Maxine passed away a while ago, but I was able to get her recipe from her daughter. It is a really easy recipe and makes the best pie. Yum!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
