URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64761545/lorne-style-fresh-breakfast-sausage/
Title:
Lorne Style Fresh Breakfast Sausage Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/7142505.jpg
Ingredients:
4 Lbs Ground Meat, pork or beef or a combination
¼ Cup Breadcrumbs or oat flour
¼ Cup Cold Water or Broth
1 ¼ Teaspoon Kosher Salt
1 ¼ Teaspoon Pepper
1 ¼ Teaspoon Coriander Powder
½ Teaspoon Nutmeg Powder
1 ½ Tablespoon Brown Sugar (optional)
1 1/2 Teaspoon Onion Powder (optional)
¼ Teaspoon Allspice Powder (optional)

Directions:
Method :
In a large bowl mix all ingredients thoroughly with your hands.
(Note: wearing food safe gloves is always a good idea.)
Shape 2 or 3 mini-patties, fry on med-low heat, (do not over cook) & taste them, add more salt pepper or spices as your taste desires.
Once you like the taste, there are two options for shaping the sausage:
1. Press the sausage mixture into loaf pans, refrigerated for 2 or three hours & slice into ½ inch slabs. (This is the traditional way.)
2. Shape the sausage into individual patties.
Be sure that you do not allow the mixture in the bowl to become warm, it should be cold to the touch the entire time you are working with it. If it starts to get warm put it into the frig. & shape it in batches.
If you will be using up all 4lbs of sausage within the next 4 days you can simply store in the fridge, if it will take you longer than 4 days to use up the sausage then you will need to freeze your sausage.
To prepare after freezing: remove desired amount of sausage from freezer in the early evening of the day before cooking & store in the fridge.
Your Lorne style sausages will cook best if thawed completely before cooking.
Be sure to cook your sausage on med-low heat to prevent scorching & do not over cook them or they will be dry.
I like to freeze mine over night on a cookie sheet separated with cling film inbetween layers, then the next day I place the frozen patties into a ziplock for long term freezing.

Submitter: 
Sister Earth Creations Dianne
Description: 
Lorne is a fresh uncured, uncased spiced sausage traditionally served as a Scottish breakfast staple. The spice combination is more reminiscent of a French meat pie or a black pudding rather than an American country sausage. Lorne is traditionally served with soft potato flat bread called “Tatties” watch for that recipe in the near future.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
18
Nutritional Facts:
NA
