URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64761959/instant-pot-vegan-korma/
Title:
Instant Pot®? Vegan Korma Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/7159025.jpg
Ingredients:
1 red onion, divided into quarters
1 green bird’s eye chili
1/4 raw cashews
1 one inch piece fresh ginger
2 tbsp tomato paste
2 garlic cloves
1/2 cup water, divided
1 tsp cumin seeds
1/4 tsp black peppercorns
3 green cardamom pods
1 black cardamom pods
1/4 coriander seeds
5 cloves
1 bay leaf
1/4 piece stick cinnamon
1/2 tsp ground turmeric
1/4 tsp ground chili pepper
1/2 tbsp Garam Masala
1/4 cup light vegetable oil
5.25 ounces broccoli, cut into large pieces
8.8 ounces cauliflower, cut into large pieces
1 carrot, sliced
2 tomatoes , cut into large chunks
1 cup cooked chickpeas with liquid
1 red bird’s eye chili, chopped
1 cup full fat coconut milk
1/2 cup vegan yogurt
1 cup fresh baby spinach
1/4 cup roasted cashews, chopped
1/2 cup cilantro, chopped

Directions:
Blend 1/4 of the onion, green chili, raw cashews, ginger, tomato paste, garlic, and 1/4 cup water until creamy. Add extra water if necessary. The result should be a paste with the consistency like a pesto. Set aside.
In a mortar add cumin seeds, black peppercorns, green and black cardamom pods, coriander seeds, cloves, bay leaf, cinnamon. Smash the ingredients with a pestle just to break them open slightly. Three or four times should be enough. Thinly slice the remaining onion.
Turn on the sauté function of an Instant Pot®?. Add smashed cumin seeds, black peppercorns, green and black cardamom pods, coriander seeds, cloves, bay leaf, cinnamon piece. Toast until fragrant. About 3 minutes. Add oil, remaining onion, broccoli, cauliflower, carrot slices, tomato, chickpeas with liquid, red chili, and cashew pesto.  Stir. Cancel the sauté function. Close and secure lid. Set the manual pressure to high for 5 minutes.
Once the 5 minutes have passed, wait 10 minutes then release whatever pressure remains. Open the lid and add the spinach. Mix to help it wilt. Add the coconut milk and yogurt. Mix and serve with roasted cashews and chopped cilantro on top.

Submitter: 
Buckwheat Queen
Description: 
Spicy and flavorful vegan korma made in an Instant Pot®?. There is a bit of preparation as with any korma, but cooking time is reduced , which helps free up time in the kitchen as well as saving the integrity of the ingredients. The result is a dish with larger pieces of vegetables you can sink your teeth into. This is best served with naan bread or brown basmati rice.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
