URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64767483/cream-of-wild-mushroom-vegetable-soup/
Title:
Cream of Wild Mushroom Vegetable Soup Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 Large Onions, diced
1 Stick Butter
1 Head Garlic, minced
4 Stalks Celery
1 Large Potato with peal sliced
2 Carrots pealed and chopped
2 Cups Water
2 lbs Crimini Mushrooms, sliced (Fresh)
4 Cups Golden Chanterelle Mushrooms (Fresh about 1-1.75 cups sautéed)
3 Cups Cinnabar Chanterelle Mushrooms (Fresh about 1-1.5 cups sautéed)
1 Pint Black Trumpet Mushrooms (Dried)
4 Vegetable Bullion Cubes
1 Quart Heavy Cream
1 15 Ounce Can Evaporated Milk
1 teaspoon Thyme (dried)
1 teaspoon Sea Salt
1 teaspoon Black Pepper
Bunch fresh Parsley

Directions:
In large pot melt one half of the butter and sauté onions until translucent.
Add garlic and continue to sauté for several more minutes.
Add celery, potatoes, carrots and water bringing mixture to boil.
Add vegetable bullion cubes, salt, and pepper.
Cover pot and simmer on low for 20 minutes.
While pot is simmering melt remaining butter in large pan and sauté fresh mushrooms adding thyme to mixture.
After vegetable mixture is done simmering using immersion blender puree mixture.
Pour in heavy cream and evaporated milk add all mushrooms sautéed and dried black trumpets.
Gently reheat taking care not to boil.
After raising temperature cover turning burner off allow to sit at least 3o minutes for flavors to infuse and dried black trumpets to rehydrate.
Sample soup adjusting salt and pepper to taste.
Mince parsley and sprinkle over top.

Submitter: 
Shanda
Description: 
I love a bulky soup. So this is not a thin light or low calorie one!  But it is delicious.  
The colors of the varying wild mushrooms are delightful from the deep orange of the cinnabar chanterelles to the blacks of the black trumpets and then contrasted with the vibrant green of the parsley it is beautiful.  Of course you can substitute other mushrooms.  I spent my summer foraging and made this in the fall with its bounty.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
1 h and 20 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
