URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64761726/vegan-meatless-mushrooms-stuffed-cabbage-rolls/
Title:
Vegan Meatless Mushrooms Stuffed Cabbage Rolls Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/7150999.jpg
Ingredients:
3 lbs Head of Green Cabbage
3 Cloves of Garlic
1/2 C Brown Rice or Quinoa
3/4 C Walnuts, roughly blended
1 tsp Sea Salt divided
2 Tbs Olive Oil
3/4 lb Mushrooms, finely chopped
1 medium-sized onion, minced
½ cup of raisins
1 tsp cinnamon
1 Fist Full of Fresh Thyme divided
1 500ml can diced or crushed Tomatoes, divided
Ground Black Pepper

Directions:
Remove the core from the cabbage and drop the entire head into a large pot of lightly salted simmering water, ensuring that the head is fully emerged into the water. Cook for 10 minutes. Once the cabbage has cooled, you can start to pull off the leaves carefully.
For the Stuffing:
Preheat oven to 350F(180C).
In a large skillet on medium-high heat, place the garlic, onion, and thyme. Once the onions become translucent, add in the mushrooms, raisins, and cinnamon for a few minutes then add in the walnuts until everything is well combined. Salt to taste.
Place everything into a large bowl and combine the raw rice until you have a well-uniformed mixture.
Grease a baking dish with olive oil.
Line the baking dish with a thin layer of tomato sauce and lightly sprinkle with thyme, salt, and pepper.
Scoop up about a heaping tablespoon of stuffing into your cabbage leaf and fold the sides first then roll. There will probably be some breakage. I used the torn leaves to close up any broken rolls. This will make approximately 15 rolls.
Once you’ve rolled up all your cabbage, top with remaining tomato sauce and sprinkle with thyme, salt, and pepper.
Cover your baking dish with aluminum foil or if you have a cover and cook for 45 min.
Cool and enjoy!

Submitter: 
Happy as a Yam
Description: 
This dish is low carb, dairy-free, gluten-free, and vegan. If you are sugar conscious, I would recommend trying it with quinoa instead of with rice and skipping the raisins. I love this because it looks and tastes just like meat! You wouldn’t even know that it’s completely vegan! It is savory, sweet, and a little spicy and perfect for Thanksgiving dinner. It can be used as a side dish but also filling enough as a main dish.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
7
Nutritional Facts:
NA
