URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64768472/moms-award-winning-cornbread-dressing/
Title:
Mom's Award Winning Cornbread Dressing Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Cornbread:
1 cup self rising flour
1 cup yellow corn meal
3 tsp baking soda
2 large eggs
1 1/2 cup buttermilk
1/4 cup full fat sour cream
1/2 cup vegetable oil
Dressing:
2 lbs cleaned and washed chicken giblets
1 large yellow onion, medium diced
3-4 stalks of celery, cleaned, and medium diced
2 medium green bell peppers, cleaned and medium diced
6 cloves of garlic, minced
2 cups chicken stock
2 large eggs
Salt and pepper to taste

Directions:
Cornbread: Can be made the day before to help manage time..
Preheat oven to 400 F. Pour oil into a 10 inch cast iron skillet and put into the oven to heat the oil, just until it begins to smoke slightly.
In a large mixing bowl, combine flour, cornmeal and baking powder; mix well.
In a separate smaller bowl, combine the eggs, buttermilk, and sour cream, whisking together until well combined.
Pour into the dry ingredients and fold together until smooth.
Remove the hot skillet from the oven, being very careful!
Pour the batter into the hot skillet, then place into the 400 F oven for 30 minutes, or until risen and browned on top.
Remove from the oven, and flip the finished cornbread out onto a plate to cool. Allow to cool completely before making the dressing.
Dressing:
Preheat the oven to 375 F.
When using chicken giblets remember to wash them well, and remove any greenish skin by pulling from the body of the giblets. This green skin is just an outer layer of flesh, but it will smell foul if cooked with the giblets. This green layer comes off fairly easy by pulling off using a paper towel to grip.
In a medium stock pot, add the giblets, 2 tsp of salt and just cover with cold water.
Bring to a boil, over medium heat and cook for at least 2 hours.
Remove from the heat, and drain the liquid.
Set aside to cool.
In a large saute pan over medium heat, combine the onions, celery, bell peppers and garlic.
Cook until all are soft.
Season with salt and pepper to taste.
Using a food processor, mince the giblets until finely cut, but not puree'd.
In a large mixing bowl, add the vegetables and giblets.
Combine the cook vegetables, and giblets together until well mixed.
Take the pre made cornbread, and break into large chunks before adding to the vegetable/giblet mixture.
In a small bowl combine the eggs and stock. Once mixed pour into the large mixing bowl with the other ingredients.
CAREFULLY fold the ingredients together, being cautious not to over mix. Otherwise the dressing will be mushy and have no texture. The cornbread should be damp, and completely folded together with the other ingredients.
Using a large covered and oiled dish, pour the dressing into the dish, level it out with the back of a spoon, cover and place into the 375 F oven for 30 minutes, before  opening the oven and removing the lid/cover and placing back into the oven for another 20 minutes to allow the dressing to brown on top.
Remove from the oven and serve.
Should you not like giblets, this step can be replaced by using cooked turkey or chicken dark meat minced up instead, but using the giblets gives it a richer, meaty and earthy flavor.

Submitter: 
JJChefMEM
Description: 
This is a very delicious dressing to serve for the holidays. It is a recipe that is more than 50 years old and is tried and true! Moist without being mushy, and great flavor! There is some prep involved but it is so worth it!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
2 d
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
