URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64763337/stuffed-brorice-croquettes/
Title:
Stuffed BroRice Croquettes Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/7221318.jpg
Ingredients:
1 tsp olive oil
1.75 ounces pancetta, chopped
10 ounces frozen broccoli rice
1/4 low sodium vegetable broth, hot
1 sachet (.375 grams) powdered saffron
1/2 cup shredded Parmigiano Reggiano
1 egg
1/2 cup almond meal
1/2 cup hazelnut meal
1 tsp chili powder
1 tsp fresh ground black pepper
8 mozzarella balls (bocconcini)

Directions:
Preheat oven to 400°f. Prepare a baking sheet with parchment paper.
Heat 1 teaspoon olive oil in a skillet. Add chopped pancetta and cook until cooked through but not too crispy. Add the frozen broccoli rice and stir until warmed through and the liquid releases. Add the saffron powder to the hot broth. Stir and pour into the skillet. Continue to cook, stirring often until the most liquid has evaporated. Put the rice into a large bowl to cool completely.
Once cooled, add the shredded cheese and egg to the rice. Mix and set aside.
In a shallow bowl, add the almond meal, hazelnut meal, chili powder, and black pepper and whisk. Remove 1/3 cup and add it to the rice mixture. Mix well.
Using a 1 ounce ice cream scooper, scoop out one ounce of rice mixture, put it in your oiled palm. With the back of the scooper, make an indention in the rice. Add one mozzarella bocconcino inside the indention add another scoop of rice on top. Form a ball. Roll the ball in the remaining meal mix coating well. Place the ball on the baking sheet. Continue with the rest of the mixture and bocconcini.
Bake the rice croquettes for 15 minutes. Turn over and bake until brown and crispy, about 10 more minutes.

Submitter: 
Buckwheat Queen
Description: 
A low carb alternative to rice croquettes using frozen broccoli rice. These croquettes are great as a snack or appetizer.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
