URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64761255/homestyle-harvest-instant-pot-chili/
Title:
Homestyle Harvest Instant Pot Chili Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/7128968.jpg
Ingredients:
1 tablespoon olive oil
1 white onion, coarsely chopped
1 lb. ground sirloin
1 tablespoon apple cider vinegar
16 ounces canned red kidney beans, drained and rinsed
28 ounces canned diced tomatoes
8 ounces pumpkin puree
2 tablespoons ancho chili powder
1 tablespoon light brown sugar
1 teaspoon ground cumin
1 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper
1/2 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce
1/4 teaspoon chipotle powder
1/8 teaspoon Habanero pepper sauce, plus more to taste
2 drops cilantro essential oil
2 drops cinnamon essential oil
1 drop clove bud essential oil
shredded cheddar cheese, for garnish
sour cream, for garnish
sliced avocado, for garnish
taco or corn chips, for garnish
chopped fresh cilantro, for garnish

Directions:
1. Heat the oil in the Instant Pot by using the sauté setting. Add the onions and sauté until they are translucent, about 3 minutes, stirring frequently to prevent uneven cooking.
2. Add the ground beef and cook, stirring occasionally, until the meat is no longer pink, about 5 - 7 minutes more. Stir in the apple cider vinegar and simmer for another 2 minutes, stirring occasionally.
3. Turn the Instant Pot off. Add remaining ingredients to the Instant Pot - except for the essential oils - and stir to mix everything together. Close and lock the lid and set the pressure cook setting to high. Be sure that the vent is in the sealed position. Set the timer to pressure cook for 45 minutes.
4. When the timer goes off after the 45 minutes are up, allow the pressure to release naturally for 10 minutes, then open the valve to release any remaining pressure. Once the valve indicates it is safe to open the lid, do so carefully.
5. Serve the chili in bowls or crocks, be careful as it will be piping hot! Top with shredded cheddar cheese, a dollop of sour cream, and avocado slices. Add taco chips to the edge of the bowl, or sprinkle with corn chips. Garnish with chopped fresh cilantro.

Submitter: 
Christy Boston's Kitchen
Description: 
Although it is tradition to flavor chili with a lot of heat, this fall chili (flavored with pumpkin) is milder than most. Autumn recipes don’t have to be spicy to keep you warm, just piping hot!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
1 h 15 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
