URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64760692/chai-poached-pears-with-spicy-habanero-orange-sauce-and-homemade-granola/
Title:
Chai Poached Pears with Spicy Habanero Orange Sauce and Homemade Granola Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/7277932.jpg
Ingredients:
8 bags of chai tea
1 ¼ Cups brown sugar (divided)
8 Bosc pears (halved and seeds removed)
2 Medium orange and its rind
3 Tbsp honey
1 pinch of chili flakes
3 cloves
¼ tsp nutmeg
2 tsp cinnamon (divided)
½ tsp salt (divided)
8 cups coconut yogurt
2 cup rolled oat flakes
1 cup chopped walnuts (divided)
1 cup of pecans (divided)
2 tbsp coconut oil
½ cup plain honey
2 tsp vanilla

Directions:
SAUCE
In a small saucepan on medium heat, mix together ½ cup of the brown sugar, honey, chili flakes, juice and zest of an orange, clove, ½ tsp cinnamon, nutmeg, and a pinch of salt. Once it starts to boil reduce to a very low simmer.
GRANOLA
Meanwhile place ¾ cup of walnuts, ¾ cup pecans, ½ cup brown sugar, 1 ½ tsp cinnamon, and pinch of salt in a food processor. Pulse for 15-20 seconds until it finely ground.
Melt the coconut oil in a skillet heated to medium-high. Add remaining walnuts and the oats, then toast stirring frequently for one minute. Add the ground nut mixture and mix until combined. Allow to toast until the sugar begins to melt. Stir in the vanilla and the honey. Remove from heat and allow to cool in the skillet, mixing a couple times as it cools.
Take the Orange Habanero Honey drizzle off the heat. Allow honey to cool for at about 10 minutes.
PEARS PREP
Cut the pears in half length wise, then remove the seeds and core with a small spoon.   6. Meanwhile, bring water to a boil. Add tea bags and let brew for 8 mins. Remove tea bags and discard. Add ¼ cup brown sugar and stir.
Add pears to boiling tea/water, reduce heat and simmer on low for 15 minutes. Gently rotate pears with a spoon(pears will be soft - you don’t want to puncture the skin) and continue to simmer another 15 minutes. For a stronger spice flavour, leave pears soaking for another 10-15 minutes with the heat off.
PRESENTATION
Place a heaping spoonful of coconut yogurt in the hole of the pear. Top with granola and honey. Garnish with orange zest.
BREAKFAST PARFAIT OPTION
Use a mason jar with a lid for something on-the-go or a tall glass.
Chop pears and stir in a few teaspoons of the orange honey drizzle sauce to desired sweetness.
Place 1/4 cup of coconut yogurt then layer on 3 tbsp pears, top with 3 tbsp granola and repeat. Refrigerate for up to 3 days.

Submitter: 
Happy as a Yam
Description: 
This spicy fall recipe is perfect for the changing weather. It is easily dressed up or dressed down depending on the occasion. It makes for an amazing dinner party dessert but it is also great the next day for a breakfast parfait or just as a snack as a if you pull back on the spicy honey toping and alternate the poached pears, granola and coconut yogurt.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
NA
