URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64767636/easy-one-pan-fiesta-dinner/
Title:
Easy One-Pan Fiesta Dinner Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/7358279.jpg
Ingredients:
2 tablespoons olive oil
4 large chicken sausages (1 lb.), sliced 1/4 inch thick (any flavor variety will work fine)
2 cups frozen corn
1 cup roughly chopped yellow onion
1 red bell pepper, roughly chopped
1 green bell pepper, roughly chopped
2 cups cooked wild rice blend
15 ounces canned black beans, rinsed and drained
1/3 cup roughly chopped fresh cilantro leaves, plus more for garnish
sour cream, for garnish (optional)
sriracha, for garnish (optional)
lime juice, for garnish (optional)

Directions:
1. Heat olive oil in an electric skillet set to 350 degrees, or in a stovetop skillet over medium heat. Add sausage and fry, stirring occasionally, until slightly browned and cooked through, about 5 minutes. Add the corn and continue to cook for another 3 minutes so that the corn heats through and some of the liquid evaporates off. Add the onions and peppers and stir for another 4 minutes, or until softened.
2. Turn the skillet up to 375 degrees (or increase the heat to medium-high if using a stovetop). Add the rice and stir until heated through, about 2 minutes. Finally, toss in the black beans, season with salt and pepper, then cook for about 5 minutes more while consistently stirring. Turn off heat then stir in the cilantro.
3. Immediately spoon the fiesta dinner into bowls while it is still hot. If desired, top with a dollop of sour cream, a drizzle of sriracha, a dash of lime juice, and more cilantro.

Submitter: 
Christy Boston's Kitchen
Description: 
A healthy, kid-friendly dinner in under 30 minutes that finishes with minimal clean-up - perfect for busy evenings! Chicken sausage, rice, beans, veggies, herbs and spices make this a colorful and easy dinner packed full of nutritious flavor.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
