URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64763656/hershey-bar-cake/
Title:
Hershey Bar Cake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
15 Milk Chocolate Hershey Bars (or 3 giant ones)
2 sticks butter (or margarine)
2 cups granulated sugar
2.5 cups all-purpose flour
4 eggs
pinch of salt
1 teaspoon baking powder
1 cup buttermilk
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
2 teaspoons vanilla extract

Directions:
An electric mixer (such as a KitchenAid) is recommended for this recipe.
Preheat oven to 325 degrees.
Grease bundt pan and dust with flour.
Dissolve baking soda in buttermilk. Set aside.
Sift flour into a bowl. Set aside.
Combine sugar and 1.5 sticks melted butter in mixing bowl.
Melt 7 Hershey bars (or 1.5 giant ones) and half stick of butter in microwave.
Add melted Hershey bars and half stick of butter, eggs, buttermilk & baking soda, baking powder, salt, and vanilla to mixing bowl. Mix until blended.
Gradually add sifted flour and mix until smooth.
Pour mixture into bundt pan (greased and flour dusted).
Bake at 325 degrees for 45-60 minutes. Begin checking with a toothpick at 45 mins. Check every 3 minutes or so with a new toothpick until it comes out clean.
Immediately upon removing from oven, cover with a dish towel and place in freezer (pan and all). This will help to cool the cake quicker and prevent moisture from escaping before you ice the cake. **Be sure to put a couple of potholders or folded dish towels under the hot bundt pan or it may melt your shelf in the freezer.**
Icing - melt remaining Hershey bars and spread evenly over all exposed surfaces of the cake.
Allow cake to sit for a few hours so the icing has time to harden. Once the icing has hardened, enjoy a slice with a nice, cold glass of milk!

Submitter: 
Brent Clarkson
Description: 
This Hershey Bar Cake recipe has been in my family for years so I'm taking some time to save the recipe here to make it easier to find. Enjoy!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
25 mins
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
NA
