URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64762857/punjabi-chana/
Title:
Punjabi Chana Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1  tablespoon canola oil or other vegetable oil
1  medium onion, chopped
2  teaspoons minced garlic
1  teaspoon minced ginger
1  small Thai bird chili, chopped
2  large tomatoes, chopped
1 ½  teaspoons paprika
1  teaspoon salt, or as needed
1  teaspoon ground coriander
½  teaspoon garam masala
¼  teaspoon turmeric
1  teaspoon freshly squeezed lemon juice
2  15-ounce cans chickpeas, drained
2  tablespoons minced cilantro
Cooked rice for serving (optional)

Directions:
Step 1
In a medium saucepan over medium-low heat, heat oil and add onion. Sauté until translucent and soft, about 5 minutes. Add garlic, ginger and chili, and sauté until soft and fragrant, about 3 minutes. Add tomatoes and 1/4 cup water. Cover and cook until tomatoes are very soft, about 5 minutes, then remove from heat.
Step 2
Purée mixture in blender or food processor until smooth. Return to pan and place over medium heat. Add paprika, 1 teaspoon salt, coriander, the garam masala, turmeric and lemon juice. Add chickpeas and bring to a boil, then reduce heat to low.
Step 3
Cover and simmer until sauce is thick and chickpeas are soft, 45 minutes to 1 hour. Stir pan about every 10 minutes, adding water as needed (up to 1 1/2 cups) to prevent burning. When ready to serve, sauce should be thick. If necessary, uncover pan and allow sauce to reduce for a few minutes, stirring frequently, until desired consistency. Stir in cilantro, adjust salt as needed and serve with cooked rice, if desired.

Submitter: 
Jill Sander
Description: 
An Indian chickpea stew, Punjabi Chana is a plain-Jane of a dish: beige beans in a tomato-based spiced sauce, flecked with minced cilantro. Mixed with rice, though, it becomes a soulful meal whose charms are hard to resist.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 min
Ready in:
1 hr. 30 min
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
