URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64767717/stuffed-portabella-mushroom/
Title:
Stuffed Portabella Mushroom Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 Tbsp butter
10 oz ground beef 80/20
1 10 oz package of frozen chopped spinach
1 package of softened cream cheese
10 large portabella mushrooms
3 Tbsp finely chopped red onion
2 cloves of garlic peeled and minced finely
1/3 cup sour cream (blue cheese crumble can substitute for deeper flavor)
¼ cup grated Parmesan cheese
2 tsp dried basil
4 Tbsp olive oil
Salt and pepper to taste

Directions:
Preheat oven to 400F. Grease a 9 x 13 inch baking dish.
Clean the mushrooms well, using a spoon, scrap the brown gills from the underside of the mushroom, and wipe the tops with a damp cloth or clean damp sponge to remove any dirt or debris. Set aside.
Place the ground beef into a Dutch oven or large deep skillet with 2 Tbsp. of butter over medium high heat, browning evenly. Drain excess fat out then add onions, garlic and basil. Stir to combine. Reduce heat to medium/low.
In a microwavable container, cook the chopped spinach for 5 minutes or until heated through completely. Strain off the excess water, and squeeze the spinach carefully to remove as much of the water as possible.
Returning to the stove reduce the heat  to low, and add the spinach, cheese, sour cream (blue cheese), and cream cheese. Stir until mixture is well combined.
Season the mixture to taste.
Using an ice cream scoop, or a tablespoon, fill the cleaned mushrooms with the beef, cheese mixture generously. Once filled, place the mushrooms into the greased 9 x 13 inch baking dish.
Drizzle olive oil over the mushrooms and place in the 400F oven for 30- 40 minutes or until lightly browned on top and the cheese has melted.
Remove from the oven and let rest for 10 minutes before serving.
Enjoy!

Submitter: 
JJChefMEM
Description: 
Creamy, earthy and so delicious.. it is like you are eating a cheese stuffed steak!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30-40 m
Ready in:
1 h 15 m
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
