URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64762608/german-chocolate-texas-sheet-cake/
Title:
German Chocolate Texas Sheet Cake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
For the German Chocolate Cake:
4 oz. Baker's German's Sweet Chocolate
1/2 C. water
4 large eggs, separated
2 C. all-purpose flour, sifted
1 tsp. baking soda
1/4 tsp. salt
1 C. unsalted butter, softened
2 C. sugar
1 tsp. vanilla
1 C. buttermilk
For the Coconut-Pecan Frosting:
2 C. evaporated milk
2 C. sugar
6 egg yolks
1/2 C. butter
2 tsp. vanilla
2 C. sweetened flake coconut
2 C. chopped pecans

Directions:
For the cake:
Preheat oven to 350.  Spray an 11" x 17" sheet pan (jelly roll pan) with cooking spray.  Set aside.
Microwave chocolate and water in large microwaveable bowl for 1 1/2 minutes, or until chocolate is almost melted, stirring after 1 minute.  Stir until chocolate is completely melted.
In a small bowl, beat egg whites with a mixer on high speed until stiff peaks form.  Set aside.
In a separate bowl, mix flour, baking soda and salt.  Set aside.
In a large bowl, beat butter and sugar with mixer until light & fluffy.  Add egg yolks, one at a time, beating well after each addition.  Blend in melted chocolate and vanilla.  Add flour mixture alternately with buttermilk, beating until well blended after each addition.  Add egg whites and stir gently until well blended.  Spread evenly into prepared pan and bake for 28-30 minutes or until toothpick inserted in center comes out clean.  Place on wire rack to cool.
For the Coconut-Pecan Frosting:
In a large saucepan on medium heat, pour the evaporated milk and mix in the sugar, egg yolks, butter and vanilla.  Bring to a boil and reduce heat to low and cook until thickened, stirring constantly (about 10-12 minutes).  Remove from the heat and mix in the coconut and pecans.  Mix the frosting until cooled but still spreadable.  Spread the frosting on top of the cooled cake.

Submitter: 
Dee
Description: 
I wanted to make a german chocolate sheet cake for a family reunion, but couldn't find a recipe I liked.  So I created my own.  It was a huge hit!  This is now my go-to whenever I need to make a german chocolate cake.   It takes a little time to make, but it's SO worth it!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
NA
