URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64761194/cassava-flour-apple-cake/
Title:
Cassava Flour Apple Cake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/7127379.jpg
Ingredients:
1/4 cup raisins
1/4 cup marsala wine
1 cup cassava flour
3/4 cup almond meal
1/4 cup buckwheat flour
3/4 cup superfine white sugar
1 tsp ground cinnamon
1/2 tsp ground nutmeg
1 tsp baking powder
2 granny smith apples
3 large eggs
1 tsp vanilla extract
1/4 cup whole milk
1/2 cup butter, softened
1/4 cup light vegetable oil
1/8 cup raw cane sugar
1/4 cup raw pine nuts

Directions:
1. Soak the raisins in the Marsala wine. Set aside. Grease a 9” square, deep baking dish. Set aside. Preheat oven to 350° F.
2. Sift the cassava flour into a large mixing bowl, twice. Add the white sugar, cinnamon, nutmeg, and baking powder. Sift all the dry ingredients together. Set aside.
3. Put the eggs, vanilla extract, milk, butter and oil in a mixing bowl. With a hand mixer, beat on low for one minute or until well combined. Beat on high for two minutes, or until fluffy. This is a crucial step to ensure a fluffy cake.
4. Peel and core one apple and cut into quarters. Grate the quarters until you have 1/2 cup.  Add the shredded apple and mix well. Add the raisins and wine. Stir to combine.
5. Using a rubber scraper, carefully fold in the egg mixture to the flour mixture taking care not to over-mix. Fold the batter with light yet deep strokes from bottom to top, turning the rubber scraper at a slight angle. Do this until the batter is just combined. It should be a bit lumpy but without visible pockets of flour. Pour into the greased baking dish.
6. Thinly slice the remaining peeled apple. Arrange the slices on the top of the batter. Peel and core the other apple. Thinly slice it and arrange it on the batter to completely cover the entire cake without overlapping too much. You may not need all the second apple. Sprinkle to cake with 1/8 cup raw cane sugar and pine nuts.
7. Bake in preheated oven until cooked throughout, about 30 minutes. Once the cake is baked thoroughly, turn on the broiler and brown the top slightly.
8. Remove from the oven and allow to cool slightly before cutting into it.

Submitter: 
Buckwheat Queen
Description: 
This my personal version the Italian “Torta di Mele” or simply, Apple Cake. It uses cassava flour, almond meal, and buckwheat flour instead of wheat flour for a rustic, wholesome cake that just happens to be gluten free. The result is a fluffy cake with apples, cinnamon, raisins, and toasted pine nuts.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
9
Nutritional Facts:
NA
