URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64774436/tuscan-chicken-pasta/
Title:
Tuscan Chicken Pasta Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
3 chicken breasts
1 diced onion
1 -2 medium zucchini chopped into bite-size pieces
1 can chicken broth
1 6 oz. jar sun dried tomatoes (diced)
1 15 oz. jar Bertolli Tuscan Herb Alfredo with white wine
1  12oz. package farfalle (bowtie), or mostaciolli pasta
1/2 package dried italian salad dressing (like Good Season's brand)
1 bag frozen spinach (let thaw to spread evenly)
1 teaspoon dried basil
1 teaspoon dried oregano
1 teaspoon garlic powder
1 -2 bay leafs
1/4-1/2 teaspoon smoked paprika if you have it
1 Tablespoon minced garlic

Directions:
Set Instant Pot to Sautee
Put 1 T butter or olive oil into pan and sautee onion and zucchini with a sprinkle of the italian salad dressing powder until fork-tender; remove to separate bowl.
Add 1/2 cup chicken broth to deglaze brown bits off bottom of Instant Pot.
Add frozen chicken breasts, sprinkle with a little more packaged italian salad dressing & smoked paprika.  Pressure cook for 10 minutes and allow to depressurize for 3-5 minutes.
Remove chicken breasts and cube into bite-size pieces.
Add dried seasoning and minced garlic to the chicken broth and pour into a separate measuring cup.
Return cubed chicken to pot and stir in Tuscan Herb Alfredo sauce & bay leaf.
Spread spinach evenly over chicken alfredo mixture.
Spread dried pasta over spinach. DO NOT STIR
Evenly pour chicken broth over dried pasta. (Can press pasta down into liquid with a spoon. Pasta should mostly be covered with fluid)
Pressure cook for 7 minutes (or half the amount of time the pasta box recommends).
Let pot depressurize for 6-10 minutes. Release rest of pressure.
Open lid, stir-in diced sun-dried tomatoes, zucchini & onion.

Submitter: 
Lisa Dawes Strachota
Description: 
This comfort-food with added veggies was a hit with the kids!  I combined several recipes and a few extra items I had on-hand in my pantry and wa-la!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20
Ready in:
40
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
