URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64775181/roasted-roots-with-onion-garlic-and-herbs/
Title:
Roasted Roots with Onion, Garlic and Herbs Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/7603878.jpg
Ingredients:
4 each Medium Yukon Gold and New Red Potatoes, cut into 1" chunks.  (Any waxy potato will do)
1 Medium Red Onion, sliced into 1" long strips, 1/4" wide
1 Head Garlic, peeled and loosely chopped
1 Pinch each, Yellow Curry Powder, Smoked Paprika, Salt
3 T Extra Virgin Olive Oil
6 Roma Tomatoes, quartered
Black Pepper, to taste
Extras:  Add mushrooms, carrots and tomatoes for color and variety and sprinkle with chopped cilantro or parsley leaves before serving.
Optional:  Carrots, Mushrooms, Turnips, Parsnips, Cilantro, Parsley, Oregano, Rosemary...
Organic vegetables add a fresh kick to each bite, and are recommended.

Directions:
Preheat Oven to 400°F, with middle rack ready
Line baking sheet with baking paper
In a small bowl, stir together olive oil, curry powder, smoked paprika and salt.  If using fresh rosemary or oregano, add it to the oil here for best flavor.
In a large mixing bowl, add the prepared vegetable pieces, and drizzle with olive oil mixture, tossing gently to coat all sides of cut vegetables.
Spread out vegetables onto baking sheet, and see that the onion and garlic pieces are well hidden from view so as not to burn.  Protect these pieces on the baking tray with the cut fleshy side of the roma tomatoes down, with the round uncut tomato side up on the sheet for baking.   See photo.
Sprinkle with black pepper to taste.
Bake for 35 minutes or until a narrow knife slides effortlessly through potato pieces.
To garnish, sprinkle with chopped green herbs such as cilantro or parsley, freshly snipped rosemary or oregano.  Adjust salt and pepper before serving.
Optional:
Sprinkle with freshly grated reggiano or pecorino cheese at serving time.  Any hard, waxy cheese will do.

Submitter: 
BeachMom65
Description: 
All root vegetables such as potatoes, onions, garlic, beets, carrots, etc. roast naturally in an oven with zero hassle.  Divine...  This recipe is so easy, healthy and makes clean eating a breeze, and organics turn up the flavor.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10
Ready in:
45
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
