URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64773684/air-fried-turkey-fajitas/
Title:
Air-Fried Turkey Fajitas Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/7560608.jpg
Ingredients:
1 tbsp chili powder
1 tbsp ground cumin
1/2 tbsp paprika
1/2 tbsp Mexican oregano
1 tsp fresh ground black pepper
1 tsp garlic powder
1/2 tsp onion powder
1 lime
400 grams turkey breast, cut into 1/2 inch thick slices
1 tbsp vegetable oil
1 large red bell pepper
1 medium yellow bell pepper
1 large red onion
1/2 tbsp vegetable oil
1 fresh jalapeno, or more to taste
1/4 cup fresh cilantro, chopped
1 lime

Directions:
1. In a small bowl, mix together the spices (chili powder, cumin, paprika, oregano, black pepper, garlic powder, onion powder).
2. Squeeze the lime juice over the turkey breast. Sprinkle the taco seasoning over the breast meat. Add 1 tbsp oil. Toss to coat.  Set aside.
3. Slice the red and yellow bell peppers into strips. Cut the onion in half and then cut into strips. Put them into a bowl. Cover with 1/2 tbsp vegetable oil. Toss to coat.
4. Heat an air fryer to 190°C. When ready, add the bell peppers and onion. Cook 8 minutes. Shake and cook another 5 minutes. Add the cut jalapenos. Cook another 5 minutes. Cut the turkey breast into strips 1/2 inch wide. Open the basket, shake and place the turkey strips in one single layer on top of the vegetables. Close the basket and cook 7-8 minutes. Open and shake the basket to distribute the mix everything. Cook until the turkey is cooked throughout, a bit crispy outside and the peppers are tender. Another 5 minutes.
5. Remove the basket and put the fajitas in a bowl or on a platter. Top with fresh, chopped cilantro and a squeeze of lime.

Submitter: 
Buckwheat Queen
Description: 
Marinated turkey breast is air-fried with vegetables for a no fuss, no mess, healthy Tex-Mex dinner. I don’t add any salt, the flavors of the spices, vegetables, and lime are bursting in flavor. Serve with your favorite salsa and fresh tortillas.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
