URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64772732/the-best-tiramisu-you-will-ever-make/
Title:
The Best Tiramisu You Will Ever Make Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
6 large egg yolks (approx. 1/2 cup of yolks)
1 cup sugar
11/4 cup mascarpone cheese ( room temperature
1 3/4 cup heavy whipping cream
2 7 oz packages Italian Lady fingers (Savoiardi style}
1 cup cold espresso or strong coffee
1/2 cup coffee flavored Liqueur optional
1 ounce unsweetened cocoa for dusting

Directions:
Combine egg yolks and sugar in the top of a double boiler, over boiling water using a whisk to mix. Reduce heat to low, and cook for about 10 minutes, stirring constantly with a wire whisk. This is your sabayon, remove from the heat and continue to whip yolks until thick and lemon-colored.  Allow to cool briefly before mixing in mascarpone.
Add Mascarpone to whipped yolks, mix until well combined.
In a separate bowl, using an electric mixer whip cream to stiff peaks.   (hand mixer or stand mixer is fine)
Gently fold the whipped cream in the mascarpone sabayon mixture and set aside. The mascarpone does not have to be at room temperature, but it will help it mix in easier if it is.  Take it out of the refrigerator as you gather ingredients to make the recipe.
Mix the cold espresso with the coffee liquor and dip the ladyfingers into the mixture just long enough to get them wet, do not soak them!
Arrange the ladyfingers in the bottom of a 9-inch square baking dish (or container similarly sized)
Spoon half the mascarpone cream filling over the ladyfingers.
Repeat process with another layer of ladyfingers
Add another layer of tiramisu cream
Refrigerate at least 4 hours. Overnight is best.
Dust with cocoa before serving
NOTES:
***If you can't find Mascarpone in your stores.  You can make this substitute.  It won't be exactly the same but it will come close.
8 ounces full fat cream cheese, 1/4 cup whipping cream and 2 tablespoons softened unsalted butter, whip until it's just blended. This will give the equivalent of around 1 1/4 cups mascarpone.
Have the eggs and mascarpone at room temperature before making this recipe. That will help them mix together more smoothly
Whipping your cream is also where some people make a mistake. The idea with whipped cream is to do it slowly. Begin whipping the cream on low, increasing the speed over 10 minutes. This makes a whipped cream that will last for days in your fridge without the aid of gelatin.
Soak the ladyfingers in the coffee mixture briefly. Don't let them get soggy, it will ruin the dessert.
Only use Crunchy SAVOIARDI (ITALIAN LADYFINGERS)  Cake style ladyfingers will get too soft.
Allow Tiramisu to set up for at least 6 hours before serving.  Overnite is best.
Have the eggs and mascarpone at room temperature before making this recipe. That will help them mix together more smoothly.
Chef Dennis Tip***
If for some reason your Tiramisu doesn't firm up, don't throw it away! You can freeze the cream and have an amazing frozen dessert. I have done this when testing new recipes. Use a springform pan and you can slice it. Add fruit or other toppings and you've got an amazing dessert.
Nutrition
Calories: 490kcal | Carbohydrates: 37g | Protein: 5g | Fat: 34g | Saturated Fat: 20g | Cholesterol: 217

Submitter: 
Christine Denstaedt
Description: 
Your friends and family will love my tiramisu recipe.  It's easy to make and I guarantee it will be the Best Tiramisu you've ever had!   Can you believe that this classic dessert can be made in 30 minutes?
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
40 miinutes
Number of servings: 
9
Nutritional Facts:
NA
