URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64779484/benias-soft-ginger-molasses-cookies/
Title:
Benia's Soft Ginger Molasses Cookies Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/7717191.jpg
Ingredients:
4 cups  all-purpose flour
4 teaspoons baking soda
2 teaspoons ground cinnamon
1 tablespoon ground ginger
1 teaspoon salt
1 cup lard, softened to room temperature (but not melted)
1/2 cup butter, softened to room temperature (but not melted)
2 cups granulated (white) sugar (+ 1/2 cup or so, separately, for rolling cookies in just before baking)
1 cup unsulphured molasses
2 eggs

Directions:
In a medium bowl, whisk together dry ingredients: flour, soda, cinnamon, ginger and salt. Set aside.
Using a large bowl, beat together the softened lard and butter with sugar on medium-high speed until the mixture is light and fluffy and a pale cream color, about 2 minutes, scraping down the sides occasionally as needed.  Add in the eggs and molasses, and beat on medium-low speed until combined.
Gradually add in the dry ingredient mixture and beat, or hand mix and knead, until everything is very well incorporated into a thick, deep brown, sticky dough.  Cover and refrigerate the dough for at least 30 minutes up to a couple of hours, until it is chilled.  Warmer dough will result in flatter cookies.
Preheat oven to 375°F.
Fill a separate small bowl with the additional sugar and set near your cookie sheet(s).  Roll a small amount of the dough by hand into balls, about 1 inch in diameter.   Roll each ball in the sugar until it is completely coated.  Place dough balls on the baking sheet(s), about an inch or so apart.
Bake for 8-10 minutes, until the cookies flatten and begin to slightly crack on top.  (They will crack more while cooling.)  Remove from the oven and let cool for a couple minutes. Then transfer the cookies to wire racks to cool completely.
Serve warm and enjoy, or store in a sealed container for up to a week.  Or freeze for up to 3 months.

Submitter: 
XSarenkaX
Description: 
A little ginger and a whole lot of molasses makes these cookies a super treat that everyone loves! I'm not a fan of cloves, so you won't find them here, but feel free to add a teaspoon if you prefer.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
20
Nutritional Facts:
NA
