URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64773674/spaghetti-risottati-alle-vongole/
Title:
Spaghetti Risottati alle Vongole Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 pounds Verace clams in shell, scrubbed
2 tbsp evoo
1 fresh Thai red pepper, seeded
1 garlic clove, crushed
3/4 cup white wine
12 ounces spaghetti
8 cups water
1 tbsp salt
1 tsp lemon zest
1/2 cup fresh Italian parsley, chopped
1 tsp course ground black pepper

Directions:
Bring 8 cups of water to boil in a stock pot. Add salt. Once boiling, reduce the heat to a simmer.
Heat a large skillet over medium . The skillet must be large enough to hold all the spaghetti even when being stirred. Add the evoo, Thai chili pepper and garlic clove. Gently heat the garlic and hot pepper until the oil is fragrant. Do not over cook the garlic, simply simmer it without it becoming too browned and bitter. Once fragrant, remove and discard garlic and chili pepper. Add the cleaned and scrubbed clams.
Pour the white wine over the clams and cover immediately. Let them simmer until the clams have opened. About 7 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, remove the clams, putting them into a large bowl, cover the bowl to avoid losing their steam. Discard any unopened clams.
Put four ladles of salted water in the skillet with the juice of the clams. Bring to a boil over high heat. Add the spaghetti. Gently move them around with a pasta fork to keep them from sticking together. As the spaghetti cook and the water reduces, add a ladle or two of the salted water. Add just enough to keep the spaghetti barely covered. The idea is like a risotto where there is just enough water to cook but not drown out the flavor by allowing the starch in the pasta to create a thick sauce. Simply add ladles of water when necessary to keep the spaghetti cooking while creating a concentrated flavored sauce. You may not need all the water. Once the spaghetti are al dente (about 8-10 minutes), add back the clams and sprinkle in the lemon zest, Then give the whole skillet a hefty toss to gently mix the clams in the thickened sauce.
Divide into four pasta bowls. Cover with the chopped parsley and serve immediately with empty plates on the side for the shells while eating.

Submitter: 
Buckwheat Queen
Description: 
Spaghetti is cooked like a risotto in fresh clam sauce for a flavor packed dish. A few simple ingredients can create this delicious pasta dish that will wow you. The spaghetti take in the juices of the clams using minimal water. This is one of my family’s favorite pasta dishes.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
