URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64771607/sweet-n-sinful-green-beans/
Title:
Sweet 'n Sinful Green Beans Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/7511010.jpg
Ingredients:
3 lbs fresh green beans
1 lb of bacon
1 cup brown sugar
1 cup butter
1/2 tsp garlic salt
1 dash soy sauce

Directions:
Blanch the green beans in heavily salted boiling water for 8 minutes. Be sure to pick plump healthy looking green beans.
Drain the water and rinse with cold water to cool down the green beans.
Cut the tips off of both ends of the green beans, cut larger green beans in half. Shoot for 3" in length for each piece. Place the cut green beans in a 9 X 13" pan. No need to grease pan.
Cut the bacon into thirds. Fry the pieces of bacon in a frying pan, stirring frequently for 10-15 min.
Remove bacon from when it begins to brown and drain on a paper towel. Do not cook the bacon completely. It is necessary to precook the bacon if you want your finished dish to have crispy bacon, if not, you may skip this step.
Scatter the pieces of bacon over the green beans so that the green beans are evenly covered with bacon.
In a small saucepan, combine the brown sugar, butter, garlic salt, and soy sauce. Melt over medium low heat until the sugar and butter are melted and the mixture is thoroughly combined. Do not boil.
Lightly pour the marinade over the bacon and greens until evenly covered. Use all the marinade.
Cover and refrigerate overnight.
Bake uncovered at 350 degrees for 30 minutes. Some of the juice can be poured off after baking if you have too much liquid.
Serve immediately.

Submitter: 
Liz Porteus
Description: 
These are the best green beans I've ever had. Always a crowd pleaser. I make these every Thanksgiving and sometimes Christmas. I bring them to potlucks and other people's houses. Everyone raves about these green beans. They beg me to make them every year. It's not the healthiest dish, but it is sinfully delicious!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
1 hr
Ready in:
1.5 hrs
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
