URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64776611/easy-bagel-recipe--skinny-taste/
Title:
EASY BAGEL RECIPE- Skinny Taste Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 cup (5 oz) unbleached all purpose flour, whole wheat or gluten-free mix*
2 teaspoons baking powder, make sure it's not expired or it won't rise
3/4 teaspoon kosher salt, use less if using table salt
1 cup non-fat Greek yogurt, not regular yogurt, it will be too sticky
1 egg white, beaten (whole egg works fine too)
optional toppings: everything bagel seasoning, sesame seeds, poppy seeds, dried garlic flakes, dried onion flakes**

Directions:
Oven Method:
1. Preheat oven to 375F. Place parchment paper or a silpat on a baking sheet. If using parchment paper, spray with oil to avoid sticking.
2. In a medium bowl combine the flour, baking powder and salt and whisk well.
3. Add the yogurt and mix with a fork or spatula until well combined, it will look like small crumbles.
4. Lightly dust flour on a work surface and remove dough from the bowl, knead the dough a few times until dough is tacky, but not sticky, about 15 turns (it should not leave dough on your hand when you pull away).
5. Divide into 4 equal balls. Roll each ball into 3/4-inch thick ropes and join the ends to form bagels. (or you can make a ball and poke a hole in the center then stretch it slightly)
6. Top with egg wash and sprinkle both sides with seasoning of your choice. Bake on the top rack of the oven for 25 minutes.  Let cool at least 15 minutes before cutting.
Air Fryer Method:
1. In a medium bowl combine the flour, baking powder and salt and whisk well.
2.  Add the yogurt and mix with a fork or spatula until well combined, it will look like small crumbles.
3. Lightly dust flour on a work surface and remove dough from the bowl, knead the dough a few times until dough is tacky, but not sticky, about 20 turns (it should not leave dough on your hand when you pull away).
4. Divide into 4 equal balls. Roll each ball into 3/4-inch thick ropes and join the ends to form bagels.
5. Top with egg wash and sprinkle both sides with seasoning of your choice.
6. Preheat the air fryer 280F degrees.
7. Transfer in batches without overcrowding and bake 15 to 16 minutes, or until golden. No need to turn. Let cool at least 15 minutes before cutting.
Nutrition Information: Serving: 1bagel, Calories: 152kcal, Carbohydrates: 26.5g, Protein: 10g, Fat: 0.3g, Sodium: 434mg, Fiber: 1g, Sugar: 2.5g

Submitter: 
John Boronkas
Description: 
This easy homemade bagel recipe is made from scratch with just four (5) ingredients – flour, Greek yogurt, egg white, baking powder and salt!  No yeast, no boiling, no fancy mixer. Bake them in the oven or in the air-fryer!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
5
Ready in:
30
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
