URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64778250/my-turkish-grocers-turkish-coffee/
Title:
My Turkish Grocer's Turkish Coffee Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1.5 cups filtered water
2.5 Tbsp Turkish ground coffee (regular, drip coffee will not work in this recipe)
2 sugar cubes, optional

Directions:
Prepare two, 2.5 ounce coffee cups with lids, by rinsing them with hot water, draining well so that they are dry but hot when the coffee is ready. Keep them warm by placing them close to the stove.
Put the water and coffee in a cezve. Stir to combine. Add the sugar cubes. Heat over medium-low heat. If using a gas stove, use a low flame. Stir occasionally until the sugar cubes begin to dissolve. Heat until foam begins to form. The coffee should never boil. If it starts to bubble, not just foam, remove it from the heat by lifting it up and lowering it to keep it from boiling. If this happens often, lower the heat a bit. When a foam begins to form, after about 4 minutes, remove two teaspoons of foam and put one teaspoon of foam in each cup.
Continue to cook the coffee undisturbed for another minute or so to allow the foam to increase but not dissolve. Once the foam is solid, pour equal amounts into each cup. Allow to rest in the cups, covered, for one minute so the grounds settle.
Drink the coffee until you feel the grounds against your lips. Discard the grounds; they should not be consumed.

Submitter: 
Buckwheat Queen
Description: 
Authentic Turkish coffee is fragrant and intense; a delight for the senses. I was shown how to make this coffee by my Turkish grocer’s wife. She uses sugar but many Turks do not. You will need Turkish ground coffee, which is powder-like, and a copper or brass cezve, a wide bottom pot with an extra long handle. Both can be found in specialty shops or even online.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
3 m
Ready in:
12 m
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
NA
