URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64775389/chicken-crockpot-pie/
Title:
Chicken CrockPot Pie Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/7609610.jpg
Ingredients:
1 pound boneless chicken breast
1/2 cup frozen chopped carrots
1/2 cup frozen peas
1 cup potatoes chopped into small cubes
1/2 cup chopped onion
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon Italian (or Greek) seasoning
1/2 teaspoon celery salt
1 cup chicken broth
2/3 cup cream
1/3 cup butter
1/3 cup all-purpose flour
2 unbaked pie crusts (deep dish, 9 inch).

Directions:
Combine chicken, carrots, peas, salt, pepper, celery salt, onions, chopped potatoes, Italian seasoning and chicken broth into the slow cooker. Set the slow cooker on low for 4 hours.
Once slow cooker has finished, remove the chicken and shred it using two forks. Stir the shredded chicken back into the pot.
Preheat oven to 425 degrees Fahrenheit.On low heat, melt butter into a saucer and add the cream. Whisk in flour until the mixture thickens.
Add the flour, butter and cream mixture to the crockpot and stir to combine.
Pour the crockpot mixture into the bottom pie crust. Add the top crust, seal, and remove any excess dough. Cut small slits into the top crust.
Bake in preheated oven for 30-35 mins until crust is golden brown. Cool down for 15 mins before serving.
FREEZER PREP OPTION: Combine carrots, peas, salt, pepper, celery salt, onions, chopped potatoes, Italian seasoning and chicken broth into a large freezer bag. Place inside the freezer until serving day.
ON SERVING DAY: Place frozen mixture into crockpot along with thawed chicken. Set crockpot on low for 4 hours.
Follow steps 2-7 as directed.

Submitter: 
Sarah Kennedy
Description: 
A twist to your classic Chicken Pot Pie. This slower cooker recipe makes chicken pot pie so easy! I can dump this in my slow cooker and go about my day, or even freeze after prepping so I can throw it in the pot in the morning as I head out for work. For an even quicker meal, you could try eating with biscuits instead of pie crust.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 mins
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
