URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64776461/instant-potvegan-tex-mex-bowls/
Title:
Instant Pot®Vegan Tex-Mex Bowls Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/7641138.jpg
Ingredients:
1/2 cup dried chickpeas
1/2 cup dried black beans
1/2 cup dried pinto beans
1/2 cup dried kidney beans
5 cups water
2 cups salsa (see footnote)
1.5 cups brown rice, rinsed
1 tbsp low sodium taco seasoning
2 cups low sodium vegetable broth
1 ear fresh corn, husked
1 head of iceberg Lettuce
1 Avocado
5 tbsp cilantro, chopped
1 cup vegan cheddar cheese
1 lime, cut into fifths

Directions:
Inspect the dried beans discarding any beans with impurities or any foreign objects. Put the beans in a 7-quart electric pressure cooker. Pour in 5 cups of water. Use the Bean function for 20 minutes. Allow natural release for 8 minutes, then manually release any remaining pressure. Open, drain, and add the drained beans back into the instant pot.
While the beans cook, prepare the homemade smoky salsa*. Put the tomatoes, onion, cilantro, lime juice, jalapeno, garlic, black pepper, liquid smoke, and in a blender and pulse a few times until fine.
Add 1.5 cups salsa, rice, taco seasoning, and vegetable broth. Stir to combine. Cut the ear of corn into 5 pieces. Nestle each piece into the rice mixture with a bit of space between each piece. Close and seal the lid. Cook on Rice function for 22 minutes. Allow 5 minutes natural release. Manually release any remaining pressure. Open and fluff with a rice paddle.
Tear the iceberg into bite-sized pieces. Distribute equally into five bowls. Add equal amounts of rice on top of the lettuce. Top with equal amounts of avocado, chopped cilantro, and vegan cheddar. Serve with a lime wedge and the extra salsa on the side.
Cook's note: I used my homemade smoky salsa in this recipe, which you can also find on this site. If you use prepared salsa, choose a salsa that is quite liquid, as opposed to a very thick salsa.

Submitter: 
Buckwheat Queen
Description: 
A complete meal using from scratch ingredients. Dried beans, rice, and homemade salsa cook together and are served over lettuce then topped with avocado and vegan cheddar for your taco Tuesday. This recipe does not add any salt, it doesn’t need it. You can cook the beans the night before if you prefer.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
35 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
5
Nutritional Facts:
NA
