URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64772916/perfect-vanilla-bean-cupcake/
Title:
Perfect Vanilla Bean Cupcake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 cup sugar
1 vanilla bean
1 3/4 cups cake flour
1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/4 cup unsalted butter, room temperature
2 large eggs, room temperature
1/3 cup greek yogurt
1/4 cup vegetable oil
1 tablespoon vanilla extract
2/3 cup whole milk
Frosting
1 1/2 cups confectioners' sugar
1/2 cup unsalted butter, room temperature
2 teaspoons vanilla extract
1 vanilla bean
1 tablespoon milk

Directions:
1. Preheat oven to 350 F (175 C).
2. In a small bowl, combine sugar and seeds from the vanilla bean.
3. Using the back of a spoon, move around the bowl and apply pressure to break up any clumps of seeds and to better infuse the vanilla flavor into the sugar. Set aside.
4. Put the milk in a small saucepan, add the leftover vanilla pod, and heat just to the point of simmering. Then remove from heat and let stand.
5. In a medium-sized mixing bowl or bowl of a stand mixer, mix together cake flour, baking powder, baking soda, and salt.
6. Add the vanilla bean sugar and mix until well combined.
7. Add butter and mix on medium-low speed for three minutes. Because there is so little butter, you'll end up with a very fine crumb texture.
8. In a small mixing bowl, whisk together eggs, Greek yogurt, oil, and vanilla extract until smooth.
9. Add the egg mixture to the flour mixture and beat on medium speed until just combined.
10. Slowly add milk and mix on low speed until just combined. The batter will be liquid. (Don't worry, you didn't do anything wrong. It's supposed to be that way.)
11. Fill cupcake liners just over 1/2 full.
12. Bake for 14 minutes (mine took 16) and then test to see if they are done. They are done when a toothpick comes out without wet batter stuck to it. The cupcakes should appear white with specks of vanilla bean. They should not turn a golden brown. If they are not done, test again in two minutes. If they are still not done, test again in another two minutes.
13. When the cupcakes are done, remove them immediately from the tins and leave them on a cooling rack (or just on your counter if you don't own a cooling rack) to cool.
Vanilla Bean Buttercream Frosting
Ingredients
• 1 1/2 cup confectioners' sugar (add more until it reaches your preferred consistency)
• 1/2 cup unsalted butter, room temperature
• 2 teaspoon vanilla extract (add more to taste)
• Seeds from 1 vanilla bean
• 1 tablespoon milk
Using an electric mixer, mix butter and sugar until creamy. Add the vanilla seeds, milk and extract and mix. Taste test and decide if you want to add more vanilla.

Submitter: 
Virginia Mott
Description: 
Cupcakes!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 mins
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
NA
