URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64778645/japanese-potato-salad/
Title:
Japanese Potato Salad Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/7692248.jpg
Ingredients:
3 medium size Russet Potatoes (~3 cups), diced in half inch cubes
2/3 C carrots, diced in pea sizes
1/3 C frozen peas, thawed
1/2 of Granny Smith Apple, diced in pea sizes
1/4 C of cucumber, seeded and diced in pea sizes (substitute this with relish if you like)
3 hard boiled eggs, diced using the egg cutter
1/4 C cooked ham, diced in pea sizes - optional
La Choy Chow Mein Noodles - optional
1 TBS scallions, finely chopped - optional
1/2 C mayo of your choice. If you can find the Japanese kind, it’s even better.
1 TBS mirin (Japanese sweet cooking wine, found in any Asian grocery store.
1TBS milk
1-2 TBS sugar, depending on how sweet you like the salad to be, so add them gradually. If you are using Japanese mayo, you may want to use less sugar.
1/2-1 TBS rice vinegar, depending on how sour you like the salad to taste.  You can skip this if you are using relish.

Directions:
Mix mayo, mirin, milk, sugar and rice vinegar ingredients together until sugar is dissolved. Set aside.
In a microwave safe bowl, cover potatoes in water and cook it in microwave for 7-10 minutes until preferred doneness (stir in half way). I like it to be very soft but not mushy. Discard the cooking water and let it cool.
In a microwave safe bowl, cover carrots in water and cook it in microwave for 3-5 minutes until soft. Discard the cooking water and let it cool.
Mix all the ingredients together and add the dressing gradually. The egg yolk will be mixed in with the salad but the egg white should still be visible in the salad.
Top the salad with crunch chow mein and/or scallions.
Note 1 - As usual, I omit the salt in this recipe as I believe that there is plenty of salt from the dressing and the ham.
Note 2 - Potatoes can be slightly mashed but you want to leave some of them in lumps.
Note 3 - The salad can be served warm or cold.
Note 4 - The ingredients ratio can be altered to your liking.
Note 5 - The leftover potato salad can be used on a sandwich. Yum.

Submitter: 
eli2884
Description: 
When you visit a Japanese or Korean restaurant, one of the side dishes might be a potato salad. You are appreciating how pretty the salad looks until you scoop the first bite into your mouth. Wait, what did I just eat?, you thought. And all of a sudden the word wow ... came out of your mouth subconsciously. That's right. It is that good to have a Japanese style potato salad. What makes this dish different than other potato salad dishes is the secret ingredient, mirin, a sweet Japanese cooking wine.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
