URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64773694/triple-chocolate-roll-cake/
Title:
Triple Chocolate Roll Cake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/7560786.jpg
Ingredients:
White Chocolate Whipped Cream Filling:
1 1/2 cups white chocolate chips (such as Ghirardelli)
1 1/2 cups heavy cream, divided
Whipped Dark Chocolate Mousse Filling:
1 cup dark chocolate chips (such as Ghiradelli 60% Cacao Baking Chips)
1 1/2 cup heavy cream, or more as needed, divided
Chocolate Cake Roll:
4 egg yolks, room temperature
4 egg whites, room temperature
1/4 cup white sugar
1/3 cup firmly packed dark brown sugar
2 tbsps unsalted butter, melted and cooled
2 tbsps strongly brewed black coffee, cooled
1 1/2 tsps vanilla extract
1/2 cup all-purpose flour
1/3 cup cocoa powder
1/2 tsp baking powder
1/2 tsp baking soda
1/4 tsp salt
1 tbsp cocoa powder, or as needed

Directions:
1. Prepare white chocolate filling. In a medium microwave safe bowl, place 1 1/2 cups white chocolate chips and 3/4 cup heavy cream. Microwave on 50% power for about 2 minutes, stopping to stir mixture every 30 seconds, or until chocolate is completely melted and the cream is fully incorporated. Set aside and allow mixture to cool to room temperature. Once cooled to room temp, place white chocolate mixture into the fridge to cool at least 4 hours, or overnight, until completely chilled.
2. Meanwhile, prepare the dark chocolate filling. In a medium microwave safe bowl, place 1 cup dark chocolate chips with 3/4 cup heavy cream. Microwave on 50% power for about 2 minutes, stopping to stir every 30 seconds, or until chocolate is melted and cream is fully incorporated. Set aside and allow mixture to cool to room temperature.  Once the chocolate has cooled to room temp, place it in the refrigerator for at least 4 hours, or overnight, or until completely chilled.
3. Make cake. Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Line a 12x17" baking sheet with parchment paper. Grease pan and parchment.
4. In a large bowl, combine egg yolks and brown sugar. Beat at medium-high speed until mixture is light and creamy, about 2 minutes. Mix in melted butter, cooled coffee, and vanilla extract.
5. In a small bowl, sift together flour, cocoa powder, baking powder, baking soda, and salt. Add the dry ingredients into the egg yolk mixture, and mix until just combined.
6. In a separate clean, dry, large bowl, beat egg whites with clean, dry beaters on high speed until soft peaks form. Gradually add in white sugar a tablespoon at a time, beating constantly. Continue to beat until mixture is glossy and stiff peaks form. Gently fold 1/3 of the egg white mixture into the egg yolk mixture until just combined. Gently fold in the remaining egg whites until no streaks of egg white remains. Do not overmix.
7. Pour cake batter into prepared pan. Gently spread batter evenly into the pan. Place into 350 degree preheated oven and bake 10 minutes, or until cake springs back lightly when touched. Do not overbake.
8. While cake is baking, prepare a piece of parchment paper that is slightly larger than the baking pan. Sprinkle lightly with 1 tbsp of cocoa powder, or as needed.
9. When cake is done baking, remove from oven and run a knife around the edges of the pan to loosen the cake. Quickly and carefully--as cake and pan will be hot!!--invert the cake onto the cocoa-sprinkled prepared parchment paper. Remove the piece of parchment that the cake had baked on from the bottom of the cake and discard it. Working quickly, roll the cake and the cocoa-sprinkled parchment paper up together, starting from the narrow end (12" side). Once the cake and parchment are rolled up together, set the cake seam-side

Submitter: 
Kim
Description: 
A chocolate cake is wrapped around alternating stripes of white chocolate whipped cream and a whipped dark chocolate mousse for not only great flavor, but a striking presentation as well. Make sure to really chill your fillings before whipping--overnight would be best--or they won't fluff up properly. This takes some time and patience to make--so plan ahead when making this cake!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
6-8 hrs
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
