URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64777705/mini-vegan-chocolate-cheesecake/
Title:
Mini Vegan Chocolate Cheesecake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/7666965.jpg
Ingredients:
1 ½ cups gluten-free graham cracker crumbs or, (1x220g package of graham crackers)
1/3 cup brown sugar
1/3 cup oil coconut
1 ½ cups raw cashews (soaked in boiling water for 1 hour)
2 Tbsp lemon juice
¼ cup olive or melted coconut oil (or any neutral-flavored oil)
1 14-ounce can full-fat coconut milk
½ cup vegan dark chocolate+ ½ cup (melted in the microwave in 15-second increments)
¼ cup maple syrup
1 tsp vanilla
¼ tsp salt
¼ cup of cocoa nibs

Directions:
Soak cashews in boiling water for 1 hr.
Preheat oven to 375°F. Mix together the graham cracker crumbs, brown sugar, and coconut oil until well blended.  The texture should resemble wet sand.
Cut circles and tabs from a piece of parchment paper and place the tabs in an "X" shape at the base of the muffin mold then top with circle shape. This makes removing the crust much easier. Press mixture covering the bottom of the mold 1 inch thick.
Bake 7 minutes.
Add soaked cashew, lemon juice, coconut cream, ½ cup of melted chocolate chips, to blender and pulse until very smooth
Empty contents of the blender into a bowl and place in the fridge for 2-3 hrs or until the mixture has fully hardened. Your mix should not be runny and hold its shape if you shape peaks.
Take a large piping bag and fill up the chocolate cashew mixture. Alternatively, you can also use a large Ziplock bag and cut a small hole at one of the ends.
Remove crusts onto a surface where they won't slide around. I would suggest a cookie sheet with a paper towel underneath.
This next part is slightly tricky. I would suggest practicing a few times a soft-serve ice cream motion on an empty plate until you get the hang of it.
Top with cocoa nibs, and the leftover melted chocolate. Enjoy!

Submitter: 
Happy as a Yam
Description: 
These decadent little beauties are like vegan heaven in a dessert. These have always been a great hit for me at parties. They are fancy, decadent, and, if you're the least bit shy like myself, they make for great conversation starters too.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
