URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64776466/instant-pot-vegan-bulgogi/
Title:
Instant Pot® Vegan Bulgogi Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/7641201.jpg
Ingredients:
100 grams oyster mushrooms
150 grams Shimeji mushrooms
250 cremini mushrooms
50 grams brown champignon mushrooms
1 tsp vegetable oil
1 small onion, chopped
1 shallot, minced
1 garlic clove, minced
1 one inch piece of fresh ginger, grated
1/4 cup Asian pear, shredded
1/2  cup low sodium Tamari soy sauce
2 tbsp pure sesame oil
3 tbsp brown rice syrup
2 tbsp gochujang (Korean red chili paste), or to taste
1 tbsp Chinese rice wine vinegar (4% acidity)
1/2 cup vegan low sodium vegetable broth
2 tbsp cornstarch
2 tbsp cool water
2 green onions, chopped
1 tbsp white sesame seeds
1 tbsp black sesame seeds

Directions:
Wash the mushrooms under running water, scrubbing with a mushroom brush to remove any dirt. Cut in half the oyster, champignons, and cremini mushrooms, placing on clean dish towel. Delicately pull apart the shimeji mushrooms and rinse. Set aside.
Set the Instant Pot® to the sauté function. Sauté the onion, garlic, shallot, and ginger in one tsp vegetable oil until fragrant. About 3 minutes. Turn off the sauté function. Add the shredded pear, tamari sauce, sesame oil, brown rice syrup, rice wine vinegar, broth, and gochujang sauce. Mix well. Add the mushrooms and gently toss to coat them with the mix. Close the lid to marinate for 10 minutes.
Set high pressure for 12 minutes. When the timer has finished, allow natural release for 10 minutes. Release any remaining pressure. Turn on the sauté function. Mix together 2 tbsp cornstarch and 2 tbsp cool water. Open the lid. Add the cornstarch slurry mixing constantly to create a thick gravy. Turn off the sauté function.
Serve with sliced green onions and sesame seeds.

Submitter: 
Buckwheat Queen
Description: 
Marinated mushrooms are cooked in the instant pot creating a flavorful vegan dish you can serve over rice or noodles.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
5
Nutritional Facts:
NA
