URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64774045/oreo-cheesecake/
Title:
Oreo Cheesecake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
FOR THE CRUST
Cooking spray
16 Oreos, finely crushed (about 1 1/2 c.)
3 tbsp. melted butter
Pinch kosher salt
FOR THE CHEESECAKE
2 (8-oz.) blocks cream cheese, softened
1/2 c. granulated sugar
1/4 c. packed brown sugar
1/4 c. sour cream
2 large eggs
1 tsp. pure vanilla extract
1/4 tsp. kosher salt
1 tbsp. all-purpose flour
10 Oreos
Whipped topping, for garnish
Crushed Oreos, for garnish
Chocolate syrup, for serving

Directions:
Make crust: Grease a 6" springform pan with cooking spray. In a medium bowl, combine Oreo crumbs, melted butter, and salt and mix until mixture is the texture of wet sand. Using a glass, press mixture evenly into the bottom and up the side of the pan. Freeze for 20 minutes.
Meanwhile, make cheesecake: In a large bowl using a hand mixer, beat cream cheese, sugars, and sour cream until light and fluffy. Add eggs, one at time, and beat until just blended. Don’t overmix. Add vanilla, salt, and flour and beat until combined.
Crush 10 Oreos with your hands and fold into the cheesecake batter. Pour batter into springform pan on top of crust and bang pan on countertop a few times to tap out air bubbles in the mixture. Tightly wrap entire pan in two layers of foil.
Pour 1 cup water into Instant Pot and place trivet in the bottom. Fold a large piece of foil (about 18”) into thirds to make a long “sling,” and lower it into the pot. Put the springform pan on top and fold the sling.
Lock lid and set to Pressure Cook on high for 37 minutes. Let pressure naturally release 10 minutes, then follow manufacturer’s guide for quick release, making sure to wait until cycle is complete before unlocking and removing lid.
Remove cheesecake from the pot using sling, unwrap and discard foil, then place on a wire rack to cool for at least an hour. Refrigerate for 4 hours or up to overnight.
To serve, dollop whipped topping on cake and top with more crushed Oreos. Slice and drizzle each slice with chocolate sauce.

Submitter: 
Lisa Dawes Strachota
Description: 
Prep in bowl, then cook in Instant Pot; Refrigerate
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 mins
Ready in:
7 h
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
