URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64774049/turkey-veggie-meatballs/
Title:
Turkey Veggie Meatballs Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
3 tbsp chia seeds
3/4 cup water
2 tbsp olive oil (for sauteing vegetables)
2 onions, peeled
6 large carrots, peeled
4 stalks celery
4 cups baby spinach
6 cloves garlic (I used 6 cubes of frozen garlic)
2 lbs lean ground turkey
2.5 cups cooked quinoa (about 0.8 cups uncooked)
5 tbsp low sodium soy sauce or tamari
4 tsp Worcestershire sauce
1 tsp ground black pepper
1/2 tsp salt
2 eggs, beaten
1/2 cup no sugar added ketchup (or BBQ sauce)

Directions:
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.
Mix chia seeds and water to soak - set aside for 15 minutes.  Stir after a few minutes to make sure all of the chia seeds are soaking up the water.
Heat olive oil in skillet over medium heat.  Finely chop onions, carrots, celery, spinach, and garlic in food processor.  (If using frozen garlic cubes, then just add those to pan and don't put them in food processor).  Sauté over medium heat for about 8 minutes, or until softened.  Set it aside and let it cool a bit before mixing with other ingredients.
In a large bowl, mix turkey, quinoa, soy sauce, Worcestershire sauce, pepper, salt, and egg.  Add the chia seed and water mixture (it should be sort of firm, almost like gelatin).  Mix in the cooked vegetable mixture.
Line a baking sheet with parchment paper and spray a little nonstick spray on it.  Shape turkey into 48 meatballs (or meatloaf) and place onto pan.  Brush with ketchup.
Bake at 375 degrees F for approximately 20-25 minutes for meatballs (35 minutes for a meatloaf).  The center should be at least 165 degrees F to be fully cooked.  Let it cool for 10 minutes before slicing.

Submitter: 
HDN
Description: 
Healthier version of meatballs or meatloaf - adapted from wholefoodsmarket.com/recipes/healthy-turkey-meatloaf
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
45 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
