URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64776297/cardamom-bread/
Title:
Cardamom Bread Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
7 tbsp. unsalted butter
1 1/2 cups whole milk, heated to 115°
2 tsp. active dry yeast
4 1/2 cups flour, plus more for dusting
1/4 cup sugar
1 1/2 tsp. cardamom seeds, lightly crushed
1/4 tsp. kosher salt
1/2 cup granulated sugar
7 tbsp. unsalted butter, softened
1 tbsp. ground cinnamon
1 1/2 tsp. cardamom seeds, finely crushed
1 egg, beaten
Pearl sugar, for topping

Directions:
Make the dough: Melt butter in a 1-qt. saucepan over medium. Remove from heat and stir in milk and yeast; let sit until foamy, about 10 minutes. Whisk flour, sugar, cardamom, and salt in a bowl. Stir in yeast mixture until dough forms. Transfer dough to a lightly floured surface; knead until smooth and elastic, about 3 minutes. Return dough to bowl and cover with a clean dish towel; let sit in a warm place until dough is doubled in size, about 1 hour.
Make the filling: Mix granulated sugar, butter, cinnamon, and cardamom in a bowl until smooth.
Assemble the bread: On a lightly floured surface, roll dough into an 11? x 17? rectangle, about 1/4? thick. Spread filling over dough, leaving a 1/2? border along edges. Working from one long end, roll dough into a tight cylinder; transfer seam side down to a parchment paper-lined baking sheet. Cover with dish towel; let sit in a warm place until dough has doubled in size once more, about 45 minutes.
Bake the bread: Heat oven to 375°. Using kitchen shears and starting 1? from ends of dough, make crosswise cuts, spaced 1? apart, three-quarters of the way through dough. Fan dough slices away from the center, alternating left to right. Brush dough with egg and sprinkle with pearl sugar; bake until golden brown, about 22 minutes. Let bread cool completely before serving.

Submitter: 
Hannah Barrett
Description: 
Swedish sweetbread
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
2 h
Ready in:
2.5 h
Number of servings: 
1
Nutritional Facts:
NA
