URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64772944/soft-white-sandwich-bread/
Title:
Soft White Sandwich Bread Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
4 cups unbleached flour
1 3/4 cups room temperature water
2 tablespoons plus one teapoon honey
6 grams dry active yeast
1/4 cup non fat dry milk

Directions:
Start by making the Dough Starter (Sponge)
1. In a mixer bowl, or other large bowl combine:
2 ¼ cups plus 2 ½ tablespoons unbleached all- purpose flour
Scant 1 ¾ liquid cups of water at room temperature (70-90°)
2 tablespoons plus one teaspoon of honey
3 grams of active dry yeast (I believe that is just less than 1 teaspoon)
Whisk until very smooth, to incorporate air, about 2 minutes. The sponge will be the consistency of thick batter. Scrape down the sides of the bowl and cover with plastic wrap. Let sit for at least 1 hour.
2. Make the flour mixture and add to sponge. In a medium bowl, whisk together :
2 cups plus 3 tablespoons of unbleached flour
¼ cup dry milk, preferably non-fat
3 grams of active dry yeast
Sprinkle this on top of the sponge and cover tightly with plastic wrap. Allow to ferment for an hour and room temperature, and then stick in the fridge overnight. (During this time, the sponge will bubble through the flour blanket in places: this is fine)
3. The next morning, mix the dough. Add 9 tablespoons of butter to the bowl, and mix with the dough hook on low speed (#2 if using a KitchenAid) for 1 minute or until the flour is moistened enough to form a rough dough. Scrape down any bits of dough. Cover the bowl with plastic wrap and allow the dough to rest for 20 minutes. Sprinkle on 2 ¼ teaspoons of salt and knead the dough on medium speed (#4 KitchenAid) for 7 to 10 minutes. It will not come away from the bowl until the last minute or so of kneading; it will be smooth and shiny and stick to your fingers. With an oiled spatula, scrape down any dough clinging to the sides of the bowl. If the dough is not stiff, knead in a little flour. If it is not at all sticky, spray it with a little water and knead it in.
4. Let the dough rise. Using an oiled spatula or dough scraper, scrape the dough into a 4-quart bowl, lightly oiled with cooking spray. Push down the dough and lightly spray or oil the surface. Cover the container with plastic wrap. Allow the dough to rise (ideal temp is 75-80°) until doubled. 1 ½ to 2 hours.
Using an oiled spatula, scrape the dough onto a floured counter and press down gently to form a rectangle. It will be full of air and resilient. Try to maintain as many of the air bubbles as possible. Pull out and fold the dough over from all four sides into a tight package. Set it back into the container. Again oil the surface and cover. Allow the dough to rise for 1 to 2 hours. It should be double its original size.
5. Shape the dough and let it rise. Turn the dough out onto a lightly floured counter and cut it in half. Shape each piece into a loaf: begin by gently pressing the dough into a wide rectangle (the exact shape is not important at this point. The long side of the dough should be facing you. Dimple the

Submitter: 
Virginia Mott
Description: 
Homemade bread
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
12 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
