URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64779317/vegan-mushroom-risotto/
Title:
Vegan Mushroom Risotto Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/7712052.jpg
Ingredients:
6-7 cups vegetable stock, or as needed
2 cups Arborio rice
16 oz baby bella mushrooms, chopped
1 celery stalk, diced
1 medium onion, diced
3 cloves garlic, minced
4 tbsps olive oil, divided
1 cup vegan white wine
1 1/2 tsps dried thyme
1/2 tsp salt, or to taste
1/2 tsp freshly cracked black pepper, or to taste

Directions:
1. Place vegetable stock in a large pot over medium heat. Bring to a boil. Reduce heat to low, cover, and keep warm.
2. In a large Dutch oven, heat 2 tbsps olive oil over medium-high heat. Add mushrooms and cook until softened, about 10 minutes, stirring occasionally. Add onion and cook an additional 5 minutes, or until onion is translucent. Stir in celery and garlic, and cook 3 more minutes or until garlic is fragrant. Add in remaining 2 tbsps olive oil and Arborio rice. Cook, stirring often, until rice is opaque and smells slightly toasted, about 2-4 minutes. Stir in white wine, and cook until it evaporates, about an additional 2-3 minutes. Mix in thyme, salt, and pepper.
3. Begin adding  in reserved warm vegetable stock 1 cup at a time, allowing each addition of stock to be fully absorbed before adding in the next, stirring continuously. Continue adding broth 1 cup at a time while stirring constantly, until rice is tender and creamy, approximately 20 minutes.  Season with additional salt and pepper, if desired.

Submitter: 
Kim
Description: 
This risotto is chock full of mushroom flavor in the best possible way! Make sure to use a really good vegetable stock in this (I used a homemade version with plenty of mushrooms in it), as it makes all the difference. Top with vegan cheese, or add in some nutritional yeast for extra flavor, if desired.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
