URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64772927/angel-food-cake/
Title:
Angel Food Cake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 dozen egg white
1 cup cake flour
3/4 cup sugar
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 1/2 teaspoons cream of tartar
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
1 teaspoon almond extract
1 cup sugar

Directions:
1. Separate eggs and let stand at room temperature for at least one hour
2. Pre-heat oven to 375ÂºF
3. Sift together the flour with 3/4 cups of the granulated sugar (recipe says four times, mom does it three times)
4. Combine egg whites, salt, cream of tartar and flavourings in large mixing bowl
5. Beat (at no. 12 speed, if you have a Sunbeam) until whites are stiff and hold aÂ peak (1 and 1/2 to 2 minutes: do not over beat until dry)
6. Sprinkle in rapidly, while beating (number 8 speed) the sifted cup of granulated sugar (about 1 minute); scrape the bowl gently toward beaters, if necessary
7. Turn speed to very low, and sprinkle in sifted flour and sugar mixture slowly, but evenly, folding into the whites evenly using an up and over motion (about 1 and 1/2 minute)
8. Remove bowl from mixer and using a rubber spatula cut through batter folding over and over a few times
9. Carefully place batter into ungreased pan, gently pushing into place
10. Cut through batter with a strait edged spatula going around and around in widening circles 6 times without lifting the spatula
11. Bake immediately for about 35 minutes, or until cake tester comes out completely clean
12. Invert immediately and let hang until completely cold
13. Insert straight edged spatula between cake and edge of pan to release cake, going around the edge, pushing toward the pan to release the cake
14. Release the cake from the pan; do the same around the centre hold, and then on the bottom
15. Place a plate over the top of the cake, and invert onto the plate
16. Can be eaten immediately, but is usually best eaten the next day (cover with cake cover until the next day)
17. Mom always wraps extremely well in plastic wrap and freezes for at least on night, and then ices the cake while frozen (She prepares the icing before taking the cake out of the freezer)

Submitter: 
Virginia Mott
Description: 
Cake
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 mins
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
