URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64772915/toasted-marshmallow-swirl-ice-cream/
Title:
Toasted Marshmallow Swirl Ice Cream Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 cups (6 ounces) mini marshmallows
2 cups heavy cream, divided
1 cup whole milk
1/3 cup granulated sugar
pinch salt
4 eggs yolks
1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract
1/2 cup marshmallow topping*

Directions:
Preheat broiler. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Spray liberally with cooking spray. Spread mini marshmallows in a single layer on baking sheet and broil for 2-3 minutes until toasted and golden brown. Watch them very carefully as they can go from golden brown to ON FIRE in a matter of seconds. Remove from oven and let cool, then transfer to the canister of a blender.
To make the ice cream base, combine 1 cup of the cream, milk, sugar, and salt in a saucepan set over medium heat. Cook, stirring occasionally, until sugar is dissolved and mixture just starts to steam. Remove from heat. In a small bowl, whisk egg yolks. Slowly ladle in some of the warm cream mixture, 1/4 cup at a time, until about half of the cream mixture has been incorporated and yolk mixture is warm to the touch. You want to do this gradually; doing so will temper the egg yolks rather than cook them. Pour yolk mixture back into the saucepan and return to medium heat, stirring constantly and scraping the bottom of the pan as you do, until the mixture thickens slightly and coats the back of a spoon, about 5 to 7 minutes (it will measure approximately 170ºF on a thermometer). Do not let it to boil. Pour mixture into blender with marshmallows and blend until smooth. Add remaining 1 cup cream and vanilla extract and blend until combined. Pour ice cream base into a zip-top freezer bag and seal. Place in a bowl filled with ice water, and let sit for 15 to 20 minutes or until cooled to room temperature. Pour out ice water and refrigerate base at least 3 hours or preferably overnight.
Churn ice cream according to manufacturer’s instructions. When ice cream is the consistency of soft serve, spoon a bit into to a freezer safe container. Drizzle with marshmallow topping. Repeat, alternating a spoonful of soft ice cream and a drizzle of marshmallow topping until none remains. Freeze overnight until firm.

Submitter: 
Virginia Mott
Description: 
Ice Cream
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
1
Nutritional Facts:
NA
