URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64778017/chunky-vegetable-fried-rice/
Title:
Chunky Vegetable Fried Rice Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/7675876.jpg
Ingredients:
1 can (13.5 ounces) coconut milk, full fat
1 cup pork fat
2 cups wild rice blend
2 tablespoons vegetable oil
1 bunch bok choy, sliced (about 3 cups)
1 red bell pepper, diced
salt and pepper to taste
2-3 eggs
1/4 cup soy sauce

Directions:
Fill a medium pot half full of salted water and bring to a boil. Add the pork fat, coconut milk and rice blend. Return to a boil. Reduce heat to medium and cook for 30 minutes or until the rice is al dente. Remove from heat, drain, then rinse with cold water. This will wash away any excess starch that may make the rice sticky. (If you like it sticky, omit this step!) Drain the rice and set it aside.
Heat vegetable oil in a large skillet over medium high. (I like using an electric skillet for this because it allows me full control over the temperature, plus it is big enough to hold all the ingredients.) Add the bok choy and bell pepper to the skillet and fry for 5 minutes, stirring constantly, until the vegetables begin to soften. Season with salt and pepper.
Push the vegetables to the side of the skillet. Add the eggs to the cleared portion of the skillet. Use the corner of a spatula to scramble them where they are and continue to fry them for a minute or two, breaking them apart with the spatula until they are cooked through but still soft. They will cook more as you work through step 4.
Add the rice to the skillet and stir everything together, then add the soy sauce and toss to combine. Fry for another minute or two, stirring constantly, until all excess moisture evaporates off.
Serve with your favorite Chinese food condiments.

Submitter: 
Christy Boston's Kitchen
Description: 
Making Chinese food at home is a great alternative to take-out, and most Chinese fried rice recipes are simple to make. This easy vegetable fried rice recipe doesn’t require any ingredients you can’t find at your local grocery store. Make a big batch and you’ve got a wonderful side dish - or even a make-ahead meal - for busy weeknights.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
5 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
