URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64772930/reeses-cupcakes/
Title:
Reeses Cupcakes Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Cupcakes
1 1/2 sticks butter
2/3 cup sugar
2/3 cup packed brown sugar
2 large eggs, room temperature
2 teaspoons vanilla extract
1 cup buttermilk, room temperature
1/2 cup greek yogurt, room temperature
2 tablespoons coffee
1 3/4 cups cake flour
1 cup high quality cocoa powder
1 1/2 teaspoons baking soda
1/2 teaspoon salt
Filling
1 cup powdered sugar
1 cup creamy peanut butter
5 tablespoons unsalted butter, room temperature
3/4 teaspoon vanilla extract
1/4 teaspoon salt
1/3 cup heavy cream
Chocolate Buttercream
3 cups powdered sugar
3/4 cup unsweetened cocoa
1 stick butter softened
3-4 tablespoons heavy cream
1 teaspoon vanilla extract

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line cupcake pans with paper liners.
In the bowl of an electric mixer, cream the butter and 2 sugars on high speed until light and fluffy, approximately 5 minutes. Lower the speed to medium, add the eggs 1 at a time, then add the vanilla and mix well. In a separate bowl, whisk together the buttermilk, greek yogert, and coffee. In another bowl, sift together the flour, cocoa, baking soda, and salt. On low speed, add the buttermilk mixture and the flour mixture alternately in thirds to the mixer bowl, beginning with the buttermilk mixture and ending with the flour mixture. Mix only until blended. Fold the batter with a rubber spatula to be sure it's completely blended.
Divide the batter among the cupcake pans. Fill 3/4 of the cup. You can even fill it a little bit more then that. They dont bake real high. Bake in the middle of the oven for 20 to 25 minutes, until a toothpick comes out clean. Cool compleatly. Cut a hole in the top of the cupcake and pipe in peanut butter filling (see below). Top with chocolate buttercream.
Filling: Place the confectioners' sugar, peanut butter, butter, vanilla, and salt in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with a paddle attachment. Mix on medium-low speed until creamy, scraping down the bowl with a rubber spatula as you work. Add the cream and beat on high speed until the mixture is light and smooth.
Buttercream: Sift sugar and cocoa together into a large bowl. In another bowl combine 1 cup of sugar mixture with butter and 1 tablespoon cream, beating until smooth. Add another cup of sugar and another tablespoon of cream, beating well. Continue until all ingredients are combined and frosting is fluffy. You may have to add more then 4 tablespoon of cream. Just add it slowly until you get the consistantcy you want. Beat in vanilla.

Submitter: 
Virginia Mott
Description: 
Tastes like reeses
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
40 mins
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
