URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64786625/best-thai-pork-or-chicken-skewers/
Title:
Best Thai Pork or Chicken Skewers Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 (13.5-ounces) can unsweetened coconut milk
2 tbs soy sauce
1 tbs sugar
1 tsp salt
3/4 tsp black pepper
1 tsp curry powder
2 garlic cloves finely minced
2 tbs cilantro
3 tbs yellow curry paste
1 tsp ground turmeric
3/4 cup sweetened condensed milk
Special Ingredient
3 tbs corn starch
Special equipment:
Bamboo skewers soaked in water at least 1 hour.

Directions:
Combine 13.5 oz coconut milk, 2 tbs soy sauce, 1 tbs sugar, 1 tsp salt, 3/4 tsp pepper, 1 tsp curry powder, 3 tbs yellow curry paste, 2 garlic cloves minced, 2 tbs cilantro, and 1 tsp turmeric into a sauce pan and boil for 15 minutes.
Remove from heat and allow to cool before adding 3/4 cup sweetened condensed milk, mix well by hand.
Place pork, chicken, or your protein of choice for skewering into the marinade for 24 hours.
About 1 hour before skewering the meat add 3 tbs of cornstarch to the marinade and gently mix.
By adding cornstarch and allowing it to bind with the meat, you are creating a layer of protection that seals the natural juices in the meat, and protects a thin layer of marinade when grilling.
Once the cornstarch marinade has sat for an hour you can start skewering the meat.
Grill for about 8 minutes per side, or until safely cooked. The cornstarch coating will keep the meat looking moist and juicy. Be sure not to overcook based on what your eyes see. Use a thermometer until you get used to cooking skewers with this secret coating.

Submitter: 
Zachary Buckholz
Description: 
The most amazing Thai Street Food. These skewers will go super quickly and the neighbors will be disappointed because they can smell it in the air but weren't invited. 
 
This is a mix of three recipes I found and combined out of necessity due to lack of ingredients in one, but using ingredients from another, and finally a third that showed me how to put it all together to create a favorite.

To start with the secret to juicy, flavorful, instagram worthy meat skewers that are not over cooked or dry looking is ......
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
20 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
