URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64780029/instant-pot-sushi-rice/
Title:
Instant Pot® Sushi Rice Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 cup Japanese sushi rice
1.25 cups water
2”piece Kombu (Japanese dried kelp)
3 tbsp Japanese rice wine
1 tbsp hon-mirin (Japanese mirin)
3/4 tbsp sugar
1/2 tsp sea salt

Directions:
Put the rice in the pot. Add enough water to cover. Rinse the rice mixing it in a circular motion. Strain through a sieve. Repeat until the water comes clear, about 5 times total. Once drained, spread the rice on a clean cloth to air dry for 10-15 minutes.
Gently clean the kombu with a damp towel but do not remove the white powder, which is important for the umami flavor.
Break off a small piece of the kombu. Put it into a small saucepan. Add the rest of the Kombu, in one piece, to the intstant pot, add the rice, and 1.25 cups water.
Select high pressure according to manufacturer's instructions; set timer for 2 minutes. Allow 10 to 15 minutes for pressure to build.
To the saucepan with the smaller piece of kombu, add 3 tbsp rice wine, 1 tbsp hon-mirin, 3/4 tbsp sugar, 1/2 tsp sea salt. Heat over low until the sugar and salt have dissolved. Never bring to a boil, this would alter its flavor. ?Release pressure using the natural-release method according to manufacturer's instructions, about 8  minutes. Release any additional pressure carefully using the quick-release method. Unlock and remove the lid.
Using a rice paddle, gently scrape rice into a glass or ceramic bowl; remove and discard the Kombu. Then, remove and discard the smaller kombo piece from the vinegar mixture. Sprinkle the vinegar mixture over the rice and cut it into the rice by using a cutting movement with the rice paddle. Stir in vinegar mixture until well incorporated and no lumps of rice remain. Allow to cool at room temperature. If possible, try using a piece of cardboard to fan the rice to help cool it off.

Submitter: 
Buckwheat Queen
Description: 
Sushi rice made in your Instant Pot® insures perfectly cooked grains with this simple method. I tested 4 different methods before deciding this was the best. Using the manual function instead of the rice setting gives the rice a tender bite, separated grains, yet still sticky to make compact sushi rolls. This recipe yields enough rice for three standard sushi rolls.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
3
Nutritional Facts:
NA
