URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64781124/instant-pot-chana-masala/
Title:
Instant Pot® Chana Masala Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 cup brown basmati rice
1.25 cups water
1 cup dried chickpeas
2 cups water
Spice mix
2 tsp cumin seeds
1 tsp amchur (dried mango powder)
1 tsp ground coriander
1 teaspoon garam masala
1 tsp paprika
1 tsp ground turmeric
1/2 tsp fresh cracked black pepper
1/2 tsp ground cayenne
1 tbsp olive oil
1 onion, diced
1 carrot, diced
1 bay leaf
1 garlic clove, minced
1” piece fresh ginger, minced
1 green Thai chili (optional)
3 roma tomatoes, diced
2 tbsp tomato paste
1/2 cup cilantro, chopped

Directions:
Rinse the rice. Put it into a small, oven safe dish that will fit inside your electric pressure multi-cooker. Cover with water. Set aside.
Make the spice mix by combining the cumin seeds, amchur, coriander, garam masala, paprika, turmeric, pepper, and ground cayenne in a small bowl. Set aside.
Pour chickpeas into a multi-functional pressure cooker (such as Instant Pot®).  Cover with 2 cups of cool water. Close and lock the lid. Select Manual; set timer for 10 minutes on high pressure according to manufacturer's instructions. Allow 10 to 15 minutes for pressure to build.
Release pressure using the natural-release method according to manufacturer's instructions for 10 minutes. Manually release any remaining pressure. Unlock and remove the lid. Remove the chickpeas and liquid. Reserve both.
Place oil in the pot and select Sauté function. Add onion, carrot, bay leaf; cook and stir until the onion has softened and turned translucent, about 5 minutes. Stir in garlic, ginger, chili pepper, spice mix, and 1/4 cup of the reserved chickpea liquid and sauté until fragrant, about 1 minute. Cancel Sauté function.
Return the chickpeas and the remaining liquid, the tomatoes, and tomato paste to the pot and stir. Place a trivet inside.
Drain the rice. Put the rice and 1.25 cups water in the oven-safe pot. Place it on top of the trivet. Close and lock the lid. Select Manual high pressure, according to manufacturer's instructions; set timer for 25 minutes. Allow 10 to 15 minutes for pressure to build.
Release pressure using the natural-release method according to manufacturer's instructions for 10 minutes. Release any remaining pressure carefully using the quick-release method. Unlock and remove the lid. Remove the rice. Fluff with a fork. Remove the trivet. Remove the bay leaf. Using a hand blender, pulse on high two or three times to blend just a small amount of chickpeas to create a creamy texture.
Evenly distribute rice and chana masala in five plates. Top with chopped cilantro.

Submitter: 
Buckwheat Queen
Description: 
Savory vegan chickpea stew with Indian flavors. Cooking the rice inside in a “pot-in-pot” method gives you a complete meal without dirtying up the kitchen.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
35 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
5
Nutritional Facts:
NA
