URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64784610/fish-cakes/
Title:
Fish Cakes Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1/2 large onion, diced
1 bell pepper, diced
1 stalk celery, diced
3-4 cloves garlic, minced
1/2 c olive oil
1 lb mild white fish fillets (any variety)
8 oz. package imitation crab (or use more of the white fish)
1 lemon
1-2 c panko bread crumbs
3 eggs
creole seasoning, to taste
1 T parsley flakes
1/2 tsp thyme
1/2 tsp red pepper flakes

Directions:
In a pan large enough for all the fish fillets, fill with a couple inches of water and the juice of a lemon. Bring to a boil.
Add fish fillets and boil 8 minutes.
While fish is boiling, heat olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Sauté onion, pepper, celery and garlic. Season generously with creole seasoning. Cook until onion is transparent and vegetables are soft.
When fish is done, drain. Put in a large bowl and flake it in to small pieces.
Take imitation crab and dice into small pieces. Add to fish.
Using a slotted spoon, add the vegetable mix to the bowl and combine with fish. Leave olive oil in the skillet to pan fry the patties later.
Add 1 cup on the panko crumbs and the eggs. Mix well.
Season with additional creole seasoning, red pepper flakes, parsley and thyme.
Add more panko, if needed, so that the mixture can be formed into hamburger patty sized cakes.
Place cakes on waxed paper or plastic wrap lined tray. Place in freezer 30-60 minutes to help them firm up.
When you are ready to fry the cakes, add enough olive oil to the skillet to cover the bottom of the pan. Fry 3-4 patties at a time over medium to medium high heat. Flip gently and cook till golden brown. Drain on a cooling rack.
Serve with your choice of sauces, either on a bun or just with sides on a plate. We like to use a sriracha mayo.

Submitter: 
Julie Tramp
Description: 
Love crab cakes? These are similar. We use fillets from white bass we catch in abundance during the early spring, but works well with any mild, flaky fish.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 mintes
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
