URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64781143/instant-pot-butternut-risotto/
Title:
Instant Pot® Butternut Risotto Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 tbsp extra virgin olive oil
1/8 cup chopped onion
1/8 cup chopped carrot
1/8 cup chopped celery
1 clove garlic, minced
1/2 cup chopped leek
1 tbsp fresh rosemary, minced
1.5 cups carnaroli or arborio rice
2 cups fresh butternut squash, diced
1/2 cup dry white wine
4 cups vegetable broth, warm
1/2 cup shredded smoked mozzarella, or other smoked cheese
3/4 cup grated Parmigiano Reggiano, divided
4 tsp Aceto Balsamico di Modena

Directions:
Select the Saute function on an electric pressure cooker (such as Instant Pot®). Add olive oil, onion, carrot, and celery stir until tender, about 3 minutes. Add garlic and rosemary, stir. Add butternut squash and leek; cook, stirring occasionally, until slightly softened, about 3 minutes.
Stir rice into the pot until each grain is coated with the olive oil/vegetable mixture, about 2 minutes. Pour in wine; deglaze and simmer for 3 minutes. Pour in vegetable broth, stirring to scrape the sides of the pot. Simmer for 1 minute.
Close and lock the lid. Select high pressure according to manufacturer's instructions; set timer for 6 minutes. Allow 10 to 15 minutes for pressure to build.
Release pressure carefully using the quick-release method according to manufacturer's instructions, about 10 minutes. Unlock and remove the lid. Stir in 1/2 cup smoked mozzarella and 1/2 cup grated Parmigiano Reggiano.
Evenly distribute the aceto balsamico in four plates. Spoon equal amounts of risotto in each plate. Top with the remaining cheese. Serve hot.

Submitter: 
Buckwheat Queen
Description: 
Fresh butternut squash and classic Italian “aromi” join up for traditional risotto flavor made easy in your Instant Pot®. This will save a bit of time and a lot of muscle work but won’t cheat on flavor.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
