URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64784209/authentic-taralli/
Title:
Authentic Taralli Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
4 cups all-purpose flour
1/2 tsp  fine sea salt, divided
12 tbsp olive oil (175ml)
3/4 cup dry white wine (180ml)

Directions:
Combine the flour, 1/4 tsp of salt, oil, and wine in a stand mixer. Using the paddle attachment, combine the ingredients until a ball forms. Use the dough hook to knead the dough for 10 minutes.
Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Bring a large pot of water to boil. Add the remaining 1/4 tsp of salt. Spread a large, clean cloth on a counter or table. Preheat a static oven to 375°C.
After the dough is finished kneading, pinch off a walnut size piece of dough. Roll it into a snake about 2.5 inches long. Form a tear drop shape, lightly pressing the two ends together to seal them forming a ring. Continue to form the taralli with the rest of the dough.
Turn down the boiling water to a low boil. Drop each taralli into the water a few at a time. Do not stir. At first they will sink, then they will begin to float. Remove the floating taralli with a slotted spoon. Place them on the clean cloth and continue this until all the taralli have boiled and are drained on the cloth. Place them on the parchment paper lined baking sheet. Bake in the oven for 40 minutes. Taralli are finished when they are a pale golden color and firm outside. They will still be soft inside. As they cool, they will get crispy. They are ready to eat after they have cooled completely and rested for at least one hour. These will keep for a week wrapped in a clean cloth or in a paper bag.

Submitter: 
Buckwheat Queen
Description: 
Taralli are crunchy little knots of snacking goodness. A specialty from the Puglia region, they are an unleavened crispy cross between a bagel, pretzel, and breadstick. These no yeast, ring-shaped bread substitutes are perfect for your cheese boards, soups, or salads. You’ll need a kitchen scale as the amounts are determined by their weight, not volume.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
40
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
