URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64785472/italian-flourless-chocolate-cake-for-the-instant-pot/
Title:
Italian Flourless Chocolate Cake for the Instant Pot Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 tsp butter
4.5 ounces baker’s chocolate
1 stick butter
3 large eggs, separated
1/2 cup granulated sugar
4.5 ounces almond flour
1 tbsp powdered sugar
1 tbsp unsweetened cocoa powder

Directions:
Butter an 8” round cake tin with 2 tsp butter. Add 2 cups water inside a 7-quart Instant Pot® . Insert a trivet.
In a large microwave-safe bowl, break up the chocolate into small pieces. Add the butter and microwave on 180 watts for 2 minutes. Whisk the mixture. Microwave again for another two minutes, whisking again. Continue this until the chocolate and butter have melted completely. Add the sugar and whisk vigorously until combined. Add the almond flour mix to combine. Add the three egg yolks stirring continuously.
Using a stand mixer, whisk the eggs until soft peaks form. Fold in the egg whites to the mixture.
Pour into the greased pan. Set on top the trivet. Cover the pan with a piece of aluminum foil. This will keep the steam from falling in the cake.
Close and seal. Set manual high pressure for 30 minutes. Allow 15 minutes natural release. Open the lid, allow to cool. Carefully remove the foil without letting the accumulated water fall in.
Remove the cake pan with tongs. Let cool on a wire rack for 15 minutes. Remove the cake from the pan by placing a plate on top and flipping it over. Using another plate, flip it again to set it right back up.
Dust with powdered sugar and cocoa. Serve.

Submitter: 
Buckwheat Queen
Description: 
This Italian cake called Torta Caprese comes from the island of Capri. It is a moist, dense, fudge-like chocolate cake served at tea time on the Amalfi Coast. Typically made in the oven, making it in an electric pressure cooker keeps it moist without risk of drying out.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
