URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64784299/hellfire-house-slow-cooker-chili/
Title:
Hellfire House Slow Cooker Chili Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 pound ground beef or bison
1 can chili beans
1 can red kidney beans
1 can black beans
1 can golden whole kernel corn
1 small can tomato paste
1 can diced tomatoes
~22 oz of tomato juice (4 5.5 oz cans or 2/3 of a 32 oz bottle)
1 yellow onion, diced
8 oz of mushrooms, sliced (white button or crimini)
1-4 habanero peppers, minced (to taste)
1 bunch green onions, diced (for topping)
A bowl of shredded cheese (for topping - mixed blend of your choice)
Sour cream (for topping)
2 pinches of Black Pepper
2 tablespoons of brown sugar
1 capful of Apple Cider Vinegar
1 shot of bourbon or rye whisky
Hot Sauce, Recommend Palo Alto Firefighters XX Habanero or Crystal
Chili powder
Cumin
Paprika
Garlic Powder
Cayenne Powder
Oregano
1 large slow cooker (crockpot)
1 large slow cooker liner
1 medium-sized skillet

Directions:
Dice onions, slice mushrooms, and mince habanero peppers if not already prepared.
Lightly brown meat in a skillet, sprinkling chili powder lightly. Remove from heat before fully cooked.
Drain kidney beans, black beans, and corn to remove excess liquid. (DO NOT drain chili beans or diced tomatoes!)
Add liner to slow cooker. This makes cleanup much easier afterward!
Turn slow cooker on high.
Pour all beans, corn, mushrooms, habanero peppers, and diced tomatoes into slow cooker.
Slide a butter knife around the edge of the tomato paste can to loosen the paste and slide it into the slow cooker.
Add half the diced onion to the slow cooker. Set the remainder aside in a bowl for now.
Add apple cider vinegar, black pepper, brown sugar, and whisky to the slow cooker.
Add remaining spices ("spice mix") in the following ratio: 1 part oregano, garlic powder, and cayenne powder, 2 parts paprika, 3 parts cumin, 4 parts chili powder. Use enough to lightly blanket the top of the slow cooker.
Add several dashes of hot sauce to the slow cooker.
Pour tomato juice into the slow cooker and stir all ingredients until well-mixed.
Add another layer of the "spice mix", lightly blanketing the top of the slow cooker. Stir until well-mixed.
Let cook for 2 1/2 hours, stirring every 45 minutes or so.
Add additional spices and/or hot sauce to taste.
Add remaining diced onion to slow cooker. Stir.
Let cook for another 1/2 hour or until chili has been lightly bubbling for a while.
Turn slow cooker off (or low if you want it to stay warm for more than an hour)
Serve and top with green onion, shredded cheese, sour cream, and hot sauce to taste.

Submitter: 
AxleHellfire
Description: 
The pride of our annual Capsaicin Festival, Hellfire House's slow cooker chili is a colorful and easy-to-make addition to any party! This meat and bean chili gives spice-lovers plenty of heat without blowing their heads off, plus plenty of vegetables to give each bite a delightful texture. Enjoy a home-cooked meal without too much cleanup, plus plenty of leftovers to keep you satisfied for days after!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
