URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64798604/crispy-general-tsos-tofu/
Title:
Crispy General Tso’s Tofu Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1/2 cup low-sodium chicken broth
3 tbsp low sodium soy sauce
3  tbsp hoisin sauce
1 tsp rice vinegar
1 tsp dark brown sugar
3 tbsp corn starch, divided
1/4 tsp ground white pepper
1 half inch piece fresh ginger, slightly crushed
1/4 tsp dried chili flakes, or more to taste
8 ounces extra-firm  tofu, drained and pressed
2 green onions, sliced into rounds
1 tbsp chopped peanuts (optional)
1 tsp sesame seeds (optional)

Directions:
Whisk the broth, soy sauce, hoisin sauce, vinegar, dark brown sugar, 1 teaspoon of the cornstarch, white pepper, ginger, and red pepper flakes together in a small bowl; set aside.
Put 2 tbsp cornstarch in a sealable, zip top plastic bag. Tear off bite size chunks of the tofu and drop them into the bag. Shake until each piece is evenly coated. If needed, sprinkle the remaining cornstarch to coat each piece well.
Heat 3 tbsp light vegetable oil in a wok or large non-stick skillet over medium-high heat until hot. Add the  tofu pieces one-by-one and cook until golden brown. Use a slotted spoon to move and turn the pieces and cook until browned on all sides and heated through, 10-15 minutes. Transfer to a plate lined with paper towels.
Pour out any remaining oil. Add the white part of the sliced green onions, cook until fragrant. Pour in the sauce. Allow to heat and thicken, about 2 minutes. Add in the tofu, toss to coat. Remove the piece of ginger. Top with sliced chives, chopped peanuts, and sesame seeds.
Serve over cooked rice if desired.
Note: For even crispier and chewier tofu, freeze the drained tofu block for at least 24 hours then thaw before cooking.
I like to cook one cup of rice and one cup of water in a rice cooker before starting this recipe. The rice should be ready exactly when this dish is ready.

Submitter: 
Buckwheat Queen
Description: 
Crisp, lightly fried chunks of tofu are tossed in a homemade sweet and spicy sauce. This method helps the tofu to get super crispy outside and tender, chewy on the inside. Serve over white rice if desired.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
NA
