URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64799370/instant-pot-steamed-vegetables/
Title:
Instant Pot® Steamed Vegetables Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2- 6.5 inch-steamer basket with lid
4 large cauliflower florets, stems removed
4 large broccoli florets, stems removed
1 large carrot
16 fresh green beans
2 napa cabbage leaves
1.5 cups water

Directions:
Soak the steamer basket in water for 30 minutes.
Wash the cauliflower and broccoli florets. Peel and wash the carrot. Cut in half, then cut each half into four sticks. This should render 8 sticks. Remove the tops of the green beans.
Remove the steamer baskets from the water. Place one cabbage leaf on the bottom of one basket. Put the cauliflower florets, stem side down, on top of the leaf in a single layer. Add eight green beans, and four carrot sticks between the cauliflower florets. Place the second basket on top. Line the top basket with the remaining cabbage leaf. Put the broccoli florets, stem side down, on top of the leaf in a single layer. Add eight green beans and four carrot sticks between the broccoli florets.
Add 1.5 cups water in the bottom of a 6-quarter electric pressure cooker. Put the cauliflower basket inside. Place the broccoli basket on top. Cover with the bamboo cover. Close and seal the lid. Set the timer for one minute on low pressure. As soon as the time is up, turn off the machine (this will turn off the heat keeping the bamboo basket from burning). Wait three minutes, then use the manual release. Open and use tongs to remove the lid and the baskets, one-by-one.
Place the baskets on a plate to serve the vegetables in the baskets for a decorative touch. Use chopsticks to serve.
Note:
Put the vegetables immediately in ice water and serve cold if desired.
If you don’t have a lid, or the lid won’t fit with your machine’s lid closed, use a piece of tented aluminum foil to keep the water from dropping on top of the vegetables.

Submitter: 
Buckwheat Queen
Description: 
Fresh, al dente vegetables steamed in your Instant Pot® using Chinese bamboo baskets. Cooking time is minimal making one wonder why all the fuss to use a pressure cooker instead of traditional steamer basket. I have found that this method creates a crisp but tender vegetable with minimal mess and much safer than an open steamer set-up. If desired, add seasonings or your favorite toppings before serving. This recipe uses a two-tier, 6.5” basket with lid in a 6-quart pot.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
