URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64798678/torta-de-milanesa-de-pollo/
Title:
Torta de Milanesa de Pollo Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 - one half pound chicken breast
1.5 tbsp cornstarch
1 egg
1/3 cup bread crumbs
1 tsp ground chipotle powder
1 tsp Mexican oregano
1 tsp ground cumin
1/4 tsp course ground pepper
2 tbsp chopped cilantro
2 tbsp sunflower oil
2 bolillo buns
3 tbsp mayonnaise
1 tbsp hot sauce such as Valentina
1/2 avocado
3 slices tomato
1/8 cup pickled jalapenos and carrots
2 lettuce leaves

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 250° F.
Seal the chicken breast in a sealable zip top plastic bag. Pound flat the chicken to 1/4 inch. Add 1.5 tbsp cornstarch and shake to coat.
Whisk the egg in a shallow pan. Dredge the chicken breast through the egg. Leave the chicken in the egg. Add the bread crumbs, chipotle powder, oregano, cumin, ground pepper, cilantro, to the bag. Shake well. Take the chicken from the egg. Shake off any excess egg. Add the chicken to the bag with the bread crumbs. Shake and press the bread crumbs to coat the chicken breast.
Slice the buns in half lengthwise. Put the bolillo buns in the oven until warmed through and toasted; about 12 minutes. Mix the mayonnaise and hot sauce together in a small mixing bowl.
Heat the vegetable oil in a skillet over medium heat. Cook the cutlet until browned on each side, about 6 minutes per side. The internal temperature should reach 165°F. Cut in half lengthwise.
Assemble the sandwich. Spread the mayonnaise on all four halves. Add equal amounts of the avocado, tomato slices, lettuce, jalapenos and carrots, and one half of the chicken to each bottom section. Place the tops on the sandwich. Serve with the remaining mayonnaise mix for dipping.

Submitter: 
Buckwheat Queen
Description: 
The Mexican version of the cotoletta alla Milanese served on a bun dressed with South of the Border fixings. Spicy breaded chicken breast gets sandwiched between a toasted Mexican bun then topped with spicy spread, avocado, lettuce, tomato, and pickled vegetables.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
NA
