URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64798535/tofu-vegan-satay/
Title:
Tofu Vegan Satay Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
3/4 cup coconut milk
2 tbsp ketjap manis (sweet soy sauce)
1 tbsp curry paste
1.5 tsp turmeric powder
1 tbsp ginger, freshly grated
1 tbsp vegan fish sauce substitute
2 8 ounce blocks extra firm Tofu, drained and pressed
4 eight inch bamboo skewers
Creamy Peanut Sauce
3 tbsp creamy unsweetened , natural peanut butter
3 tbsp coconut milk
2 tbsp ketjap manis (sweet soy sauce)
2.5 tbsp fresh squeezed lime juice
3 tbsp chili garlic sauce
1 inch  fresh grated ginger
4 lime wedges

Directions:
Mix together 3/4 cup coconut milk, 2 tbsp ketjap manis, 1tbsp curry paste, 1.5 tsp turmeric powder, 1 inch  fresh grated ginger, and 1 tbsp vegan fish sauce in a gallon size zip top . Seal and shake to mix.
Cut the tofu into 2-inch pieces and place in the bag. Seal and shake to coat. Allow to marinate for at least 30 minutes. Put the bamboo skewers in water to soak for 30 minutes.
Mix peanut butter, 3 tbsp coconut milk, 2 tbsp ketjap manis, lime juice, chili garlic sauce, and 1 tsp ginger paste in a bowl. Whisk to combine. Set aside.
Heat a grill or griddle. Remove the tofu pieces and tap to remove any excess marinade. Skewer equal number of tofu pieces on the skewers. Cook the skewers on each side until browned, baste the skewers with the marinade as the cook.
Serve with the peanut sauce drizzled over the skewers with extra sauce and lime wedges on the side.
Note: if you like, cook the cubes before skewering, so they cook on each side to increase the crunchy texture

Submitter: 
Buckwheat Queen
Description: 
Indonesian style vegan satay marinade seasons skewered chunks of tofu before being grilled. Serve with peanut sauce to replicate this street food as an appetizer or serve over rice for a meal.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
