URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64790630/chicken-pho-ii/
Title:
Chicken Pho II Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Broth:
4-inch (10 cm) section ginger, unpeeled
1 pound (450 g) yellow onion, unpeeled
3 pounds (1.35 kg) chicken parts, such as backs, necks, wings, feet, and drumsticks
1 (4-lb | 1.8-kg) whole chicken, rinsed and patted dry
5 quarts (5 l) water
2 tablespoons coriander seeds
4 whole cloves
1 small bunch (1 oz | 30 g) cilantro
1/2 ounce (15 g) Chinese yellow rock sugar
1 1/2 tablespoons fine sea salt
3 tablespoons fish sauce
Bowls:
1 1/4 pounds (565 g) dried narrow flat rice noodles, or 2 pounds (900 g) fresh pho noodles
Cooked chicken from the broth, cut or torn into bite-size pieces about 1/4-inch (6-mm) thick
1/2 medium (3 oz | 90 g) yellow or red onion, thinly sliced against the grain and soaked in water for 10 minutes
3 or 4 thinly sliced green onions, green parts only
1/2 cup (.35 oz | 10 g) chopped fresh cilantro, leafy tops only
Pepper (optional)
Optional extras: Garnish Plate for 8, Ginger Dipping Sauce

Directions:
Make the broth:
Char, peel, and prep the ginger and onion: Use medium heat on a gas or electric coil burner, medium-hot heat on an outdoor grill or barbecue, or the broil setting in an oven (have the rack in the top or second position). Regardless, let the skin get a little splotchy with black; use tongs to occasionally rotate the ginger and onion (or shallot) and to grab and discard any flyaway skin. When working indoors, turn on the exhaust fan and open a window. To steady the aromatics on the stove, use a small grilling rack, heavy-duty broiling rack, or oven-safe cooling rack.
Monitor the aromatics because they char at different rates due to their uneven size and shape. After 10 to 15 minutes, they’ll have softened slightly and become sweetly fragrant. Bubbling at the root or stem ends may happen. You do not have to blacken the entire surface. Remove from the heat and let cool for about 10 minutes.
Remove the charred skin from the cooled onions or shallots, and as needed, rinse under running water to dislodge stubborn dark bits. Trim off and discard the blackened root and stem ends; halve or quarter each and set aside.
Use a vegetable peeler or the edge of a teaspoon to remove the ginger skin. Rinse under warm water to remove blackened bits. Halve the ginger lengthwise, cut into chunks, then bruise lightly (use the broad side of a knife or a meat mallet). Set aside to add to the stockpot.
When shopping, select firm, solid onions or shallots. If using shallots, big ones endure the charring best. Choose ginger that’s relatively straight; side knobs and little branches make it harder to char and peel. To avoid feeling rushed, char and peel the aromatics a day in advance and refrigerate; cut and bruise before using. Set aside.
Prep the chicken parts:
Wield a heavy cleaver or knife suitable for chopping bones to whack the bones and parts: Break them partway or all the way through to expose the marrow, making the cuts at 1 1/2-inch (3.75 cm) intervals. Work efficiently, with the flatter side of each part facing down. Direct the action from your wrist (not elbow). Imagine vanquishing a foe.
Switch attention to the whole chicken. Look in the body cavity for the neck, heart, gizzard, and liver. If included, add the neck (first give it a few whacks), heart, and gizzard to the parts bowl; the liver may dirty and impart an off flavor, so save it for something else.
Since wings tend to fall off during cooking, detach each one: bend it back (like a long arm stretch) and cut off at the shoulder/armpit joint. Whack each wing a few times and add to the parts bowl. Set the wingless bird aside.
To achieve a clear broth, parboil and rinse the chicken parts; use a medium stockpot, about 12-quart (12 l) capacity. After rinsing off the impurities, quickly scr

Submitter: 
Derek Dawson
Description: 
I favor air chilled and occasionally buy a bird with everything intact (omit the head if it seems creepy). When chicken backs aren’t available, use other inexpensive parts, such as drumsticks. Freeze the backs and other parts when prepping chicken to make this delectable pot of Vietnamese chicken noodle soup. When buying the rock sugar at the Asian market, look for fresh pho noodles for an extra trea
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30
Ready in:
3hrs 30 min
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
