URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64794903/leslies-chicken-enchilada-soup/
Title:
Leslie's Chicken Enchilada Soup Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
4 boneless skinless chicken breasts
1TBS olive oil
2 tsp pink fine sea salt
1/2 tsp black pepper
1 tsp garlic powder
1 whole red onion, finely chopped
1 TBS organic chicken better than boullion paste
1/2 TBS chopped garlic (we use jarred)
48 oz (1-1/2 cartons) chicken stock
1 cup enchilada sauce (we used Trader Joes Brand)
1/2 TBS smoked paprika
1 TBS chili powder
1/2 TBS cumin
2 cans organic black beans, drained
1 can organic corn kernels, drained
1 can organic fire-roasted chopped tomatoes
Toppings, Optional:
Pico de Gallo
Shredded Cheddar
Sour Cream
Green Onions
Avocado

Directions:
1) In a large pot, add olive oil and let warm over medium heat.  After one minute, add chicken breasts and sprinkle with the salt, pepper, and garlic powder.  Toss to coat and let brown...
2) Meanwhile, chop the onion and start opening all of your cans.
3) Use a fork to flip the chicken every few minutes.  They will brown and the seasonings may start to burn on the bottom of the pot - this is okay - it will add flavor to the soup once we add the onion and broth.  Browning is okay, but if it starts to blacken, lower the heat slightly. Remove the chicken until it is cooked through - approx 10 minutes. Set aside.
4) Add the onion and approx 1/2 cup of the broth to the pan.  Stir constantly until the onion starts to soften, using a wooden spoon to scrape all the browned seasoning and chicken bits into the broth mixture.  After a couple of minutes, the bottom of the pot should appear 'clean' and you can add the chopped garlic, and spices.  Stir will to coat.
5) Add the remaining broth, enchilada sauce, and canned ingredients.  Increase the heat to high and let it come to a soft boil.  Let simmer for at least 20 minutes so flavors can meld.
6) Meanwhile, place cooked chicken breasts into a large bowl and use a hand-held electric mixer to shred the chicken thoroughly.
7) Remove soup from heat.  Stir in the chicken.  Add your favorite toppings and enjoy!

Submitter: 
VenturaMama77
Description: 
Healthy, quick, and easy - this version of chicken enchilada is sure to please adults and kids alike!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
