URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64791195/sourdough-focaccia-alla-genovese/
Title:
Sourdough Focaccia alla Genovese Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
3/4 cup sourdough discard, at room temperature
1/2 cup high protein bread flour (such as King Arthur®)
1/4 cup spring water
2 cups high protein bread flour (such as King Arthur®)
3/4 cup spring water, divided
3 tbsp evoo
1 tsp fine sea salt
1 tbsp evoo
1 tbsp water
1/2 tsp flaked salt
6 cherry tomatoes, halved
12 green olives
1 sprig fresh rosemary
2 tbsp evoo, or more to taste
Extra flour for dusting
Extra evoo for the pan

Directions:
With a wooden spoon, mix together the sourdough discard, 1/2 cup flour, and 1/4 cup spring water. Add a bit of flour in the mixing bowl of a stand mixer. Add the dough, allow to rise in a warm area, without direct sunlight, until doubled in size, about two hours.
Using a stand mixer, begin to mix the sourdough. Add  3 tbsp evoo and 1 tsp fine sea salt, 2 cups flour and add water until the dough comes together, pulls away from the sides, and forms a ball. You may not need all the 3/4 cup water as listed above. Using the dough hook, knead for 5 minutes. Knead by hand for 5 more minutes. Score and cover with a cloth. Leave to rise in a draft free place until doubled in volume, at least 2 hours. You can even let this rise overnight.
Lightly oil a 12x16 shallow baking pan. Knead the dough for five minutes. Using your hands, spread the dough on the pan. Whisk together 1 tbsp evoo and 1 tbsp spring water. Sprinkle a little bit on top of the focaccia. Cover with plastic wrap. Let rise until doubled in height.
Preheat oven to 400°F. Once the oven is ready, using your fingertips, push down the focaccia to leave indentions about one and a half inches apart. Evenly distribute the olives and cherry tomato halves pushing them into the dough.  Sprinkle the fresh rosemary leaves and flaked salt on top. Sprinkle a little more of the oil/water emulsion. Bake until browned and cooked throughout. Between 20-25 minutes. Drizzle with evoo before serving.

Submitter: 
Buckwheat Queen
Description: 
Classic Genovese focaccia made without commercial yeast. I adapted this recipe during the Covid19 lockdown. Using a mother dough gives the taste an edge commercial yeast just can’t achieve. I do the second rise overnight. This way it will be ready to bake for lunchtime.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
50 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
