URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64802866/italian-vegetable-pasta-salad-with-salsa-di-olive/
Title:
Italian Vegetable Pasta Salad with Salsa di Olive Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 small eggplant
1 large zucchini
1 large red bell pepper
1 small yellow onion
1 garlic clove, minced
1 medium eggplant
2 tbsp olive oil, divided
10 small cherry tomatoes
1/2 cup Kalamata olives, pitted
1 tsp capers in brine, drained
1/4 cup Italian parsley
1 tsp red pepper flakes
1/8 tsp red wine vinegar
12 ounces fusilli pasta
2 tbsp evoo, divided

Directions:
Cut the eggplant into 1/2 inch cubes. Remove the stem and seeds from the bell pepper. Cut the the bell pepper into one inch cubes. Cut the onion into one inch pieces. Slice the zucchini into 1/2 inch cubes.
Put a large pot of salted water to boil. Cook the pasta until al dente. Drain and drizzle with a teaspoon or two of evoo, mix to coat and set aside.
In a mini food processor, blend the pitted olives, capers, remaining garlic, parsley, red pepper flakes, vinegar, and one tsp of evoo to create a rough, runny paste. Set aside.
Heat one tbsp evoo in a non-stick skillet. Sauté the eggplant until tender and browned, about 8-10  minutes.  Remove with a slotted spoon and place on paper towels to drain. Add the remaining evoo and sauté the zucchini until browned, about 8-10 minutes. Remove with a slotted spoon and place on paper towels to soak any excess oil. In the same skillet, sauté the bell pepper, onion, and half the minced garlic. Mix until the eggplant has cooked throughout, the bell peppers have softened, and the onion is translucent.
Add the tomatoes and heat until they begin to blister. Add the eggplant and zucchini to the sauté and flip gently to combine all the vegetables. Turn off the heat, put the vegetables into a large mixing bowl and cool until room temperature. ?Add the pasta and sauce, toss to coat. Add more oil if necessary, you may not need all of it.
Let rest, covered, in the refrigerator for at least an hour before serving.

Submitter: 
Buckwheat Queen
Description: 
A classic vegan pasta salad from Italy’s Southern regions consisting of sautéed vegetables and dressed with a vegan, Italian olive based sauce.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
5
Nutritional Facts:
NA
