URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64801549/taqueria-style-spicy-pickled-carrots/
Title:
Taqueria Style Spicy Pickled Carrots Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 cup white vinegar
1 cup water
1 tsp sea salt granules
12 ounces carrots
1 tbsp vegetable oil
1 small yellow onion
6 fresh jalapenos
2 garlic cloves
2 bay leaves
1 tsp whole peppercorns
1 tsp Mexican oregano
1 tsp cumin seeds
1 tsp evoo

Directions:
In a small saucepan, whisk together the vinegar, water, and salt. Bring to a low boil then simmer until the salt is completely dissolved. Set aside.
Peel the carrots and cut them into 1/2-inch diagonal slices. In a non-stick skillet, warm the oil. Add the carrots and cook on medium heat for 6 minutes, stirring occasionally.
Meanwhile, cut the onion into fourths. Cut each fourth into three strips. Cut the stems off the jalapenos and cut each jalapeno into six strips. Slightly crush each garlic clove.
Add to the carrots, the bay leaves, peppercorns, oregano, and cumin seeds. Stir and cook for 2 minutes. Add the sliced onion, jalapenos, and garlic. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the vegetables are tender and fragrant but not soft, about 15 minutes.
Prepare a 24-ounce wide-mouth canning jar. Add the vegetables and pour in the cooled vinegar until the liquid reaches one inch from the top. You may not need all the liquid. (Discard or use any remaining liquid in another recipe such as a salad dressing or other canning recipe, if desired.) Add one tsp evoo on top and secure the lid. Allow to cool to room temperature. These are ready to serve after one hour but best after sitting for 24 hours. Store in refrigerator up to four weeks.

Submitter: 
Buckwheat Queen
Description: 
Zanahorias en escabeche are those delish tangy, spicy carrots served alongside your favorite dishes at taquerias. They are easy to make and delicious to add to take your tacos, tortas, or any Mexican dishes. This is not a canning recipe, so keep them in the fridge.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
