URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64802882/blueberry-and-sweet-ricotta-gluten-free-crostata/
Title:
Blueberry and Sweet Ricotta Gluten Free Crostata Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
For the shortbread crust:
1 cup white rice flour
1/3 cup buckwheat flour
1/3 cup potato starch
1/4 cup tapioca starch
2 tbsp white sugar
2 tbsp dark brown sugar
2/3 cup cold butter
1 egg
1 egg yolk
Sweet Ricotta Cream:
1.5 cups fresh ricotta, well-drained
1/4 cup white sugar
2 tbsp dark brown sugar
2 egg yolks
2 cups fresh blueberries

Directions:
Preheat oven to 355° F
Whisk together the rice flour, buckwheat flour, potato starch, tapioca starch, 2 tbsp white sugar, and 2 tbsp dark brown sugar. Cut in butter with your fingers until fully incorporated. Mix in one egg yolk and one whole egg with your hand. Knead until the dough comes together to form a ball. Prepare two pieces of parchment paper large enough to cover a 9-inch round torte pan. Roll out the dough between the two sheets of parchment paper until it is approximately 1/2” thick and large enough to cover the bottom and rim of the torte pan. Place the crust in the pan. Remove the top sheet of paper to poke holes with a fork. Replace the paper. Fill the pan with pie weights or dried beans. Bake the pie shell on the bottom rack of the oven for 12-15 minutes or until slightly browned. Remove and set aside to cool, removing the weights.
Meanwhile, whisk the ricotta, 1/4 cup white sugar, 2 tbsp dark brown sugar, and 2 egg yolks until smooth and creamy. Pour the mixture into the pie crust. Smooth it out with a rubber scraper. Top with the fresh blueberries. Bake until the blueberries and the ricotta cream are bubbly and beginning to brown, about 35-40 minutes. ?Allow to cool to set before serving.

Submitter: 
Buckwheat Queen
Description: 
Fresh, unsweetened blueberries and a sweet ricotta cream top a gluten free shortbread crust for a delicious dessert or brunch treat. This shortbread recipe uses less sugar than traditional recipes as well as using dark brown sugar to give a deeper flavor.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
