URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64802590/amish-tomato-pie/
Title:
Amish Tomato Pie Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 9” butter pie crust
2 pounds heirloom tomatoes
1 pound roma tomatoes
1 cup diced raw bacon
1/2 cup sliced leek
2 cups grated white cheddar
1/2 cup grated fontina
1/2 cup mayonnaise
1/2 cup fresh basil, torn into pieces
1 tbsp French mustard
1 egg
Salt and pepper to taste

Directions:
Chill the pie crust. Preheat the oven to 425°F. Place a baking sheet on the lower oven rack.
Prepare a large, shallow baking sheet with a wire rack.
Slice the heirloom tomatoes into half-inch rounds. Remove the seeds with your fingers. Place six slices on paper towels or a clean cloth and cover with more paper towels or another clean cloth. Arrange the remaining slices on the wire rack. Cut the roma tomatoes into half-inch slices, remove the seeds and arrange them on the rack.
Arrange the pie crust on a deep dish, nine inch pie plate. Arrange two layers of aluminum foil over the entire surface. Fill with pie weights or dried beans.
Once the oven has reached temperature, bake the pie crust on the preheated baking sheet on the bottom rack. Insert the tomatoes on a higher rack. Reduce the temperature to 400° F. Bake for 12-15 minutes or until the bottom of the pie crust has lost its translucent “raw” look and the edges have just started to color.
Remove the pie crust. Remove the foil and the weights. Cover the edges of the crust with foil to prevent them from burning. Poke the bottom of the pie crust with a fork to keep it from puffing up. Return the pie crust to the bottom rack and bake until the bottom starts to color, about eight more minutes. All the while, keep the tomatoes roasting at 400°F.
Remove the pie crust and allow to cool. Continue baking the tomatoes until they are wilted, about 40 minutes total time. Remove and allow to cool. However, keep the oven hot at 400° F.
In a cast iron skillet, cook the bacon over medium-high heat until soft and some fat has rendered. Add the sliced leek. Cook until the bacon is crisp and the leeks have softened and browned. Drain and set aside to cool.
Meanwhile, in a mixing bowl. Mix together the grated cheeses, mayonnaise, basil, mustard, egg, and bacon mixture. Salt and pepper to taste. Mix to combine.
Spread 1/3 mixture on the bottom of the pie crust. Arrange half the roasted tomatoes inside, overlapping heirlooms with romas. Spread another 1/3 of the mixture over the tomatoes and arrange the remaining half of the roasted tomatoes on top. Add the last 1/3 of the mixture and gently press the fresh tomato slices on top in a decorative pattern. Arrange foil around the edges of the pie crust to protect them from burning, taking care that the foil doesn’t touch the tomatoes.
Bake for 40 minutes, or until browned and bubbly on top.
Cool completely before serving.

Submitter: 
Buckwheat Queen
Description: 
Fresh tomatoes and a rich, cheesy filling make a summer-time savory pie. There is a lot of preparation for this pie, but it is well worth every minute. I love this pie on summer mountain evenings. Enjoy with cool ice tea.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
