URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/64834/wontons-for-wonton-noodle-soup/
Title:
Wontons for Wonton Noodle Soup Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/409196.jpg
Ingredients:
1 pound lean ground pork
1 pound medium shrimp - peeled, deveined, and coarsely chopped
5 dried black or shiitake mushrooms, reconstituted in hot water and chopped
3 green onions, finely chopped
1 egg
2 tablespoons soy sauce
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
3 tablespoons dashi (dried fish flakes) (optional)
2 (14 ounce) packages square wonton wrappers

Directions:
Strain mushroom soaking liquid completely. Pat dry with paper towel, and chop.
Place pork, shrimp, mushrooms, green onion, egg, soy sauce, salt, and dashi (if using) together in a large bowl. Mix thoroughly until all ingredients are completely incorporated.
Have a bowl of luke-warm water available for dipping. If you are right-handed, place wonton wrapper in a triangle position on your left palm. Place a small amount of filling (about a heaping teaspoon or more) near the lower corner of wonton wrapper. Fold that corner over filling toward the opposite corner about half way, making sure the filling is securely enclosed.
Dip finger into a bowl of water and dab left corner of wrapper with water. Fold left and right corners toward you (away from the top corner), resulting in the shape of a nurse's hat.
Place wontons on cookie sheets while you work, keeping them covered with a damp towel to prevent drying out. Wontons may be carefully stored in plastic freezer bags and frozen for future use.

Submitter: 
CWYC
Description: 
Wonton Noodle soup is a traditional Cantonese meal served as a hearty breakfast or lunch.  These wontons, made from seasoned pork and shrimp, are the actual dumplings served with egg noodles and chicken broth. 'Dashi' - or fish flakes - is an optional ingredient, but adds wonderful flavor. If you feel daring, you may try making your own dashi from a fish purchased whole.
Categories:
Soups, Stews and Chili
Soup
Seafood

Number of ratings:
13 Ratings
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
2 h
Ready in:
2 h 10 m
Number of servings: 
150
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
25 calories
0.6
g fat
3.2
g carbohydrates
1.6
g protein
8
mg cholesterol
73
mg sodium.
