URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/65164/red-potato-asparagus-and-artichoke-salad/
Title:
Red Potato, Asparagus, and Artichoke Salad Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/2235236.jpg
Ingredients:
18 small red potatoes
3 pounds fresh asparagus, trimmed
2 (14 ounce) cans artichoke hearts, drained and quartered
3 tablespoons Dijon mustard
1/4 cup fresh lemon juice
3/4 cup olive oil
salt and ground black pepper to taste
1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper, or to taste
5 tablespoons minced fresh chives

Directions:
Place the potatoes into a large pot and cover with salted water. Bring to a boil over high heat, then reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer until tender, about 20 minutes. Drain and allow to steam dry for a minute or two. Allow to cool completely before cutting into bite-size cubes. Transfer to a large bowl
Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil over high heat. Add the asparagus spears, and cook until tender, about 3 minutes depending on size. Drain and immediately plunge into cold water to stop cooking. Cut the asparagus spears into 1 inch pieces. Place in the bowl with the potatoes. Stir in the artichokes, breaking them apart slightly as you put them in the bowl.
Combine the mustard and lemon juice in a bowl; whisk the oil gradually into the mustard and lemon juice until smooth. Season with salt, pepper, and cayenne pepper to taste. Drizzle over the vegetables; toss to coat. Sprinkle with chives to serve.

Submitter: 
LOSGARCIAS
Description: 
Even people who normally do not touch asparagus (like myself and others I know), will find this an easy way to get those greens in. The oil will often settle to the bottom after chilled. You can either retoss before you serve, or leave it at the bottom and scoop around the puddle. Don't substitute white potatoes, they get mushier quicker and just don't have the same flavor.
Categories:
Salad
Potato Salad
Red Potato Salad

Number of ratings:
21 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.1904764175415
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
2 h
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
553 calories
21
g fat
84
g carbohydrates
12.4
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
541
mg sodium.
