URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/65344/elegant-berry-trifle/
Title:
Elegant Berry Trifle Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/979440.jpg
Ingredients:
3 (3.4 ounce) packages instant vanilla pudding mix, prepared according to package directions
1 1/2 teaspoons almond extract, divided
1/2 cup white grape juice
1 (12 ounce) loaf pound cake, cut into 1/2-inch slices
1/2 cup SMUCKER'S速 Red Raspberry Preserves
1/2 cup SMUCKER'S速 Blackberry Preserves
1 cup whipping cream
1 tablespoon powdered sugar
1 teaspoon vanilla
8 crisp almond macaroon cookies, crushed

Directions:
Prepare pudding mixes according to package directions; cool. Blend in 1 teaspoon of the almond extract. Set aside. Combine remaining 1/2 teaspoon extract with grape juice. Set aside.
Spread 1/4 of pound cake slices with raspberry preserves and 1/4 with blackberry preserves; top each spread slice with unspread slice to form "sandwiches." Cut sandwiches into 3/4-inch wide pieces. Reserve a few to garnish top of trifle; sprinkle remaining pieces with grape juice mixture.
To assemble trifle, spoon 1/3 of pudding into 6-cup dessert dish or trifle bowl.   Alternate raspberry and blackberry cake pieces in pattern on pudding, using half of pieces. Repeat procedure. Top with remaining pudding. Chill several hours.
Shortly before serving, whip cream with powdered sugar and vanilla until soft peaks form. Sprinkle crushed macaroons around edge of dish. Pipe rosettes or spoon dollops of whipped cream on top of trifle; garnish with reserved cake pieces

Submitter: 
SMUCKER'S速
Description: 
Pound cake slices are alternated with SMUCKER'S速 Red Raspberry and Blackberry Preserves, then sliced and elegantly layered in a trifle bowl with pudding and whipped cream. Slivered almonds may be used for garnish in place of the crushed cookies.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
NA
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
409 calories
15.2
g fat
67.6
g carbohydrates
2.6
g protein
90
mg cholesterol
503
mg sodium.
