URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/65757/oven-roasted-polenta-with-black-olives-morel-mushroom-ragout-and-grilled-spring-asparagus/
Title:
Oven-Roasted Polenta with Black Olives, Morel Mushroom Ragout and Grilled Spring Asparagus Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/991331.jpg
Ingredients:
Polenta:
3 cups chicken or vegetable stock
2 cups milk
1 cup polenta
1 cup Lindsay® Black Ripe Pitted Olives, roughly chopped
1 tablespoon garlic, chopped
1 cup Parmesan cheese, grated
salt and ground black pepper to taste
1 1/2 teaspoons fresh rosemary, chopped
2 tablespoons olive oil
Mushroom Ragout:
1 medium yellow onion, sliced
1 tablespoon butter
2 cups fresh morel mushrooms, sliced
1 cup oyster mushrooms, sliced
1 tablespoon chopped garlic
1 cup red chard, shredded
1 tomato, diced
1 cup chicken or vegetable stock
salt and black pepper to taste
fresh thyme, chopped
Grilled Asparagus:
1 pound medium asparagus
salted water
ice water
1/2 cup olive oil
2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar
1 red onion, thinly sliced
salt
red chili flakes

Directions:
For the Polenta: Bring stock and milk to a boil.  In a slow stream, add polenta, stirring constantly. Lower heat to medium and cook 2 1/2 hours, stirring occasionally. In the last 1/2 hour, add Lindsay(r) Black Olives, chopped garlic and grated Parmesan cheese. Season with salt, black pepper and chopped fresh rosemary. Pour onto oiled baking sheet and let cool 2 hours or overnight.
Roasting: Preheat oven to broil. Invert baking sheet onto cutting surface, allowing polenta to slip out in one piece. Add olive oil to baking pan. Heat pan under broiler until just smoking. Cut polenta in to 6 even squares. Carefully add to hot pan and turn when lightly brown, approximately 3 minutes. Cook 2 more minutes and remove from pan. Keep warm.
For the Mushroom Ragout: Saute sliced yellow onion in butter until lightly caramelized. Add washed morel mushrooms and oyster mushrooms. Cook 5 minutes or until soft. Add chopped garlic and cook 1 minute. Add shredded red chard, diced tomato and stock.  Reduce on high heat for 3 minutes. Season with salt, black pepper and chopped fresh thyme. Keep warm.
For the Grilled Asparagus: Trim white ends off asparagus. Blanch in salted water for 1 1/2 minutes or until just soft. Shock in ice water, remove and dry when completely cold. Marinate asparagus for 1 hour in olive oil, balsamic vinegar and thinly sliced red onion.  Remove from marinade. Season with salt and red chili flakes. Grill over charcoal 3 minutes or until lightly charred on all sides. Keep warm.
Assembly: Place roasted polenta on warm mushroom ragout and top with asparagus. Top with shaved or grated Parmesan cheese.

Submitter: 
Lindsay® Olives
Description: 
Lindsay® Black Olives are a wonderful addition to this savory polenta. Polenta is roasted in the oven, plated over a warm mushroom ragout, and finished with zesty grilled asparagus.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
3.33333325386047
Prep time: 
NA
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
537 calories
36.7
g fat
38.6
g carbohydrates
16.8
g protein
28
mg cholesterol
973
mg sodium.
