URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/65753/mashed-potatoes-with-olives-garlic-and-herbs/
Title:
Mashed Potatoes with Olives, Garlic and Herbs Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
1 cup Lindsay® Black Ripe Pitted Olives, chopped
3 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil
10 cloves garlic, peeled and smashed
1 cup milk
1 cup cream
3 pounds Yukon Gold potatoes, peeled and cut into large pieces
1 tablespoon kosher salt
8 tablespoons unsalted butter
1/2 teaspoon white or black pepper
1 tablespoon fresh marjoram, winter savory, or Italian parsley, chopped

Directions:
Marinate chopped olives in extra virgin olive oil for 30-60 minutes.
Combine milk, cream and garlic cloves in a medium saucepan.  Bring gently to a boil.  Reduce heat to low and simmer until garlic cloves are soft, about 30 minutes.  Remove garlic cloves and mash (or puree).  Return mashed garlic to the milk and cream mixture.  Add butter and stir until melted.  Set aside and keep warm.
To boil the potatoes, peel and cut into large pieces.  Place in a 3-quart saucepan with cold water to cover.  Add 1 teaspoon salt and bring to a boil.  Lower the heat to a simmer and cook until potatoes are tender, about 20 minutes.  Drain well, transfer to a mixing bowl and mash with potato masher.
When the potatoes are mashed, gradually add the warm milk, cream, garlic and butter mixture.  Continue to mash until creamy.  Season with salt, pepper and herbs and then carefully fold in the marinated olives.
Serve immediately or keep warm in the top of double boiler, covered with plastic wrap or foil, over simmering water until it's ready to be served.

Submitter: 
Lindsay® Olives
Description: 
Everybody loves garlic mashed potatoes, and they're sure to love this vibrant variation even more! Olive oil-marinated Lindsay® Black Olives folded into creamy garlic mashers is sure to put this at the top of your list of favorites!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
NA
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
575 calories
41.2
g fat
47.1
g carbohydrates
7.4
g protein
98
mg cholesterol
1163
mg sodium.
