URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/67146/scallop-and-chorizo-pasta/
Title:
Scallop and Chorizo Pasta Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/2475.jpg
Ingredients:
1 (8 ounce) package uncooked linguine pasta
4 teaspoons olive oil, divided
6 ounces chorizo sausage, cut into chunks
1 pound scallops
salt and ground black pepper to taste
cayenne pepper to taste
1 green bell pepper, julienned
1 red bell pepper, julienned
1 yellow bell pepper, julienned
1 tablespoon minced garlic
1/3 cup dry white wine
1 cup clam juice

Directions:
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil, and cook the linguine 8 to 10 minutes or until al dente; drain.
Heat 1 teaspoon olive oil in a skillet over high heat, and cook and stir the chorizo sausage 2-3 minutes, until evenly browned. Set aside the sausage, and wipe the skillet. Heat 1 teaspoon olive oil, and toss in the scallops. Season with salt, pepper, and cayenne, and cook and stir about 3 minutes, until opaque and lightly browned. Set aside. Wipe the skillet, and heat another 1 teaspoon olive oil over medium heat. Cook and stir the green bell pepper, red bell pepper, and yellow bell pepper until tender. Remove from heat, and set aside.
Heat the remaining olive oil in the skillet over medium high heat, and cook and stir the garlic until tender. Pour in the wine, and bring to a boil. Cook until most of the wine has been reduced, and scrape the browned bits from the bottom of the skillet. Mix in the clam juice, bring to a boil, and cook until reduced by about 1/2. Return the chorizo, scallops, and peppers to the skillet, and toss until coated. Serve over the cooked linguine.

Submitter: 
George R.
Description: 
This personal creation gives a magnificent presentation. The bright colors of the red, yellow, and green bell peppers along with the white wine and clam broth deliver flavor and texture everyone will enjoy.
Categories:
Meat and Poultry
Pork

Number of ratings:
16 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.4375
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
40 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
313 calories
11.6
g fat
26.1
g carbohydrates
23.3
g protein
54
mg cholesterol
493
mg sodium.
