URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/69004/chicken-sausage-heroes/
Title:
Chicken Sausage Heroes Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/1340129.jpg
Ingredients:
1 pound ground chicken
¼ cup grated Parmesan cheese
½ cup dry bread crumbs
½ cup oil-packed sun-dried tomatoes, drained and diced
½ cup chopped Italian flat leaf parsley
1 teaspoon fennel seeds
¼ teaspoon freshly ground black pepper
1 ¼ teaspoons salt, divided
2 tablespoons olive oil, divided
1 large sweet onion, sliced
3 cloves garlic, slivered
1  green bell pepper, cut into strips
1 tablespoon red bell pepper, cut into strips
2 tablespoons red wine vinegar
1 (1 pound) loaf Italian bread, cut in half lengthwise
4 (1 ounce) slices provolone cheese

Directions:
In a bowl, mix the ground chicken, Parmesan cheese, bread crumbs, sun-dried tomatoes, parsley, fennel seeds, pepper, and 3/4 teaspoon salt. Form into 8 links.
Heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a skillet, and cook the sausage links 10 minutes, or until the chicken is no longer pink and juices run clear.
Heat remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil in a separate skillet over medium heat, and saute the onion and garlic about 5 minutes, until tender. Stir in the green bell pepper and red bell pepper. Cook and stir about 5 minutes, until tender. Sprinkle with vinegar and season with remaining 1/2 teaspoon salt.
Place sausages on the bottom of the loaf of bread, cover with the vegetables, and layer with provolone cheese. Form a long sandwich by replacing the top of the loaf, and cut into slices to serve.

Submitter: 
zipporah
Description: 
These wonderful homemade heroes are very popular with everyone. To save yourself hassel, you can always make up the sausage the day before for quick assembling. Feel free to substitute pork for the chicken. If desired, slip opened loaf under broiler for 3-5 minutes until cheese is melted.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
4 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.25
Prep time: 
20 mins
Ready in:
45 mins
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
514 calories
13.2
g fat
85.5
g carbohydrates
17.4
g protein
13
mg cholesterol
1198
mg sodium.
