URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/70869/aussie-works-burger/
Title:
Aussie Works Burger Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/563919.jpg
Ingredients:
1 pound ground beef
1 large onion, sliced
4 eggs
4 slices Canadian bacon
4 pineapple rings
4 slices Cheddar cheese
1 (8.25 ounce) can sliced beets, drained
4 slices tomato
4 lettuce leaves
ketchup (optional)
yellow mustard (optional)
dill pickle relish (optional)
mayonnaise (optional)
4 Kaiser rolls, split

Directions:
Preheat an outdoor grill for high heat.
When the grill is ready, lightly oil the grilling surface. Form the ground beef into four patties, and grill for 5 minutes per side, or until cooked through.
Meanwhile, melt butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Add onions, and fry until soft. Remove the onions from the skillet, and crack the eggs in the same skillet over medium heat. Cook until the yolks are solid, turning over once. Remove eggs, and set aside. Place the Canadian bacon in the same skillet, and fry until toasted. Remove the bacon, and turn the heat to high. Quickly fry the pineapple rings in the bacon drippings just until browned on each side.
To Assemble sandwiches: Set bottom of kaiser roll on a plate, and top with burger, a slice of cheese, a slice of Canadian bacon, one fried egg, fried onions, a few slices of beet, a slice of pineapple, a slice of tomato, and a leaf of lettuce. Decorate the top bun with ketchup, mustard, relish and mayonnaise as desired. Place over the burger. Repeat with remaining burgers.

Submitter: 
SuzAnne Smith
Description: 
My Australian husband first made these burgers a few weeks after arriving in the USA. They became a hit with our family. They're a bit messy but delicious. Hunger busting burgers topped with every topping imaginable. Wrap your laughing gear around that. Stretch! Crikey! It's a meal in one go.
Categories:
Main Dish
Burgers
Hamburgers

Number of ratings:
42 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.38095235824585
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
35 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
685 calories
37
g fat
44.5
g carbohydrates
43.1
g protein
300
mg cholesterol
1195
mg sodium.
