URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/71663/bushs-tuscan-style-tomatoes/
Title:
BUSH'S® Tuscan Style Tomatoes Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/978511.jpg
Ingredients:
1/4 cup softened, chopped sun-dried tomatoes, not packed in oil*
6 medium firm ripe tomatoes, about 7 to 8 ounces each
2 teaspoons olive oil
1/2 cup chopped red onion
1/2 cup chopped yellow pepper
1 clove garlic, minced
1 (16 ounce) can BUSH'S® Vegetarian Baked Beans
1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar
Breadcrumb topping:
1 slice white bread
1 clove garlic, chopped
2 tablespoons chopped herbs, such as basil, parsley, rosemary, thyme
1 teaspoon olive oil

Directions:
If necessary, cover sun-dried tomatoes with hot water for about 10 minutes to soften.
Cut 1/2 inch off tops of tomatoes.  Remove pulp from tomato with small knife, leaving a thick shell for filling and being careful not to cut through bottoms.  Chop pulp and reserve 1/2 cup.
Heat olive oil in 10-inch nonstick skillet until hot.  Add onion, pepper and garlic to skillet and saute until almost tender, 2 to 3 minutes.  Stir in sun-dried tomatoes, reserved tomato pulp, BUSH'S Vegetarian Baked Beans and vinegar.  Cook until hot.  Fill reserved tomato shells with bean mixture.  Place tomatoes on a baking sheet.
For topping, break bread into chunks and place in blender or food processor with garlic and herbs.  Blend to fine crumbs.  Add olive oil and stir.  Sprinkle breadcrumb topping evenly among tomatoes.  Place baking sheet with tomatoes on grill and cook on medium heat until tomatoes are hot, but not overcooked, about 15 minutes.

Submitter: 
BUSH'S® Beans
Description: 
Grilled tomatoes stuffed with a flavorful mixture of beans, peppers and sun-dried tomatoes, make for an attractive and delicious side dish.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
3.5
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
35 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
148 calories
2.9
g fat
25
g carbohydrates
5
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
404
mg sodium.
