URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/71824/grilled-steak-with-grilled-tomato-relish/
Title:
Grilled Steak with Grilled Tomato Relish Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
2 (6 ounce) sirloin steaks
2 medium pear-shaped tomatoes, halved lengthwise
2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, divided
1 medium onion, chopped
1 clove garlic, minced or pressed
1/4 cup chopped fresh basil
Pinch salt
Pinch freshly ground black pepper
Basil sprigs (optional)

Directions:
Place the steaks on a lightly greased grill 4 to 6 inches above a solid bed of medium-hot coals. Cook, turning as needed, until evenly browned on the outside and a thermometer inserted in the center registers 145 degrees F (for medium-rare). Cut to test for doneness (about 15 minutes).
Meanwhile, place the tomatoes on the grill, cut sides up, and brush them lightly with 1 tablespoon of the oil. When the tomatoes are browned on the bottom (about 3 minutes), turn them over and continue cooking until soft when pressed (about 3 more minutes).
While the tomatoes are grilling, combine the remaining 1 tablespoon of oil, the onion, and garlic in a medium frying pan with a heatproof handle. Set the pan over the coals (or set on the stove over medium-high heat). Cook, stirring often, until the onion is limp and golden (about 10 minutes). Stir in the basil.
When the tomatoes are soft, stir them into the onion mixture, then set the pan aside on a cooler area of the grill (or cover and keep warm on the stove).
When the steak is done, place it on a board with a well (or on a platter). Spoon the tomato relish alongside the steak. Season with salt and pepper, and garnish with basil sprigs, if using.
To serve, cut the meat into thin slices. Combine the accumulated meat juices with the tomato relish, if desired.

Submitter: 
The South Beach Diet Online
Description: 
Fresh grilled tomatoes are the perfect accompaniment to this hearty steak dish.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
3.875
Prep time: 
NA
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
420 calories
29.3
g fat
8.6
g carbohydrates
29.6
g protein
91
mg cholesterol
70
mg sodium.
