URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/7197/broccoli-and-four-cheese-calzones/
Title:
Broccoli and Four Cheese Calzones Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/1924870.jpg
Ingredients:
1 ⅓ cups warm water (110 degrees F/45 degrees C)
2 tablespoons olive oil
⅔ teaspoon salt
½ teaspoon dried oregano
4 cups bread flour
2 ½ teaspoons active dry yeast
1 (10 ounce) package chopped frozen broccoli, thawed
¼ teaspoon garlic powder
2 tablespoons olive oil
½ cup shredded provolone cheese
½ cup grated Parmesan cheese
½ cup shredded mozzarella cheese
½ cup ricotta cheese
1 tablespoon olive oil

Directions:
Place the water, olive oil, salt, oregano, bread flour, and yeast in the bread machine pan in the order recommend by the manufacturer. Select the dough cycle.
Meanwhile, to make the filling, squeeze out excess liquid from broccoli. In a large skillet saute the broccoli and garlic powder with the olive oil. Stir in the grated provolone cheese, grated Parmesan cheese, grated mozzarella cheese, and ricotta cheese.
Once bread cycle has finished, remove dough from machine and roll into 8 inch circles. Spread filling on one half of the circle leaving a border around it for closing. Close the calzone by folding the unfilled side on top of the filled side. Crimp the edges closed with your fingers or a fork. Place on a lightly greased baking pan. Let rise in a draft-free area for 30 minutes.
Brush tops lightly with olive oil. Bake in a preheated 500 degree F (260 degrees C) oven for 20 to 30 minutes, or until golden brown.

Submitter: 
MARBALET
Description: 
Calzones are a fun variation for pizza lovers! Try substituting frozen chopped spinach for the broccoli. All-purpose flour will work if you do not have bread flour handy!
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
31 Ratings
Number of stars:
3.97
Prep time: 
40 mins
Ready in:
3 hrs
Number of servings: 
1 hr 50 mins
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
209 calories
17.8
g fat
3.8
g carbohydrates
9.7
g protein
19
mg cholesterol
529
mg sodium.
