URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/72550/coq-au-vin-my-way/
Title:
Coq Au Vin, My Way Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/17166.jpg
Ingredients:
3 tablespoons olive oil
6  skinless chicken thighs
2 cloves garlic, crushed
1 tablespoon Italian seasoning
3 medium tomatoes, sliced
4  portobello mushrooms, sliced
1 pinch salt (optional)
1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper
1  sweet onion, chopped
⅓ cup Burgundy wine
1 cup heavy cream
¼ cup shredded Gruyere cheese
2 tablespoons cornstarch (optional)

Directions:
Heat oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the chicken thighs, crushed garlic, and Italian seasoning. Brown the chicken thighs on both sides, then add the tomatoes and portobello mushrooms. Season with salt and pepper. Reduce heat to low, cover, and simmer for about 30 minutes.
Strain off about half of the liquid from the skillet, and pour in the Burgundy wine. Cover, and simmer for another 30 minutes. Remove the chicken, tomatoes and mushrooms to a 8 or 9 inch square baking dish. Cover with sliced onion, and set aside.
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).  Bring the liquid remaining in the skillet to the boiling point over medium-low heat. Gently whisk in the heavy cream and Gruyere cheese. Remove from the heat, and stir until smooth. If the sauce is not thick enough, whisk in the cornstarch, and simmer over very low heat until it thickens. Pour the sauce over the chicken in the baking dish.
Bake for 30 minutes in the preheated oven, until onions are tender. Let rest for 5 minutes before serving.

Submitter: 
CLWEST47
Description: 
Traveling through France, I sampled all I could in French cuisine. There were many delightful meals, but my favorite was Coq Au Vin. When I returned to the states, I began my quest to recreate that wonderful taste. It takes some extra time to prepare but the result is well worth the wait. Serve with Baby Carrots or Steamed Asparagus and Mashed Potatoes on the side.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
86 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.41
Prep time: 
30 mins
Ready in:
2 hrs 30 mins
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
373 calories
28.1
g fat
12.9
g carbohydrates
16.8
g protein
102
mg cholesterol
78
mg sodium.
