URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/72621/strawberry-balsamic-chicken/
Title:
Strawberry Balsamic Chicken Recipe
Image:
https://imagesvc.meredithcorp.io/v3/mm/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.media-allrecipes.com%2Fuserphotos%2F194603.jpg
Ingredients:
4 (8 ounce) containers strawberry yogurt
½ cup balsamic vinegar
1 tablespoon white sugar
1 tablespoon ground black pepper
1 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1 teaspoon kosher salt
4  skinless, boneless chicken breast halves
2 tablespoons olive oil
1 teaspoon lemon juice
4 large strawberries
2 teaspoons minced fresh parsley
1 teaspoon minced fresh mint leaves
1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar (optional)

Directions:
In a medium bowl, stir together the yogurt, 1/2 cup balsamic vinegar, sugar, pepper, cinnamon and salt. Place chicken breast halves in a shallow baking dish, and pour the sauce over them. Refrigerate for 1 hour, turning chicken over half way through.
Heat the olive oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Scrape the marinade off of the chicken breasts, and place them into the hot oil. Quickly brown the chicken on both sides, then reduce the heat to medium-low, cover, and cook until chicken is no longer pink and juices run clear, about 15 minutes. Remove from heat, and let rest for 3 minutes.
While the chicken is cooking, transfer the marinade to a saucepan. Bring to a low simmer over medium heat. Remove stems from strawberries, and slice thinly so they will fan nicely. Set aside.
Slice chicken breasts on the diagonal into 1/2 inch thick slices. Place on serving plates, and sprinkle with lemon juice. Spoon about 2 tablespoons of the marinade over each chicken breast, and fan one sliced strawberry over the top. Garnish with a sprinkle of fresh mint and parsley. If you really love balsamic vinegar, finish the dish off with an artful drizzle.

Submitter: 
CHEFSINGLEDAD
Description: 
Savory, sweet and simply divine. This stunning dish marries two amazing flavors in an amazing way, for easy but high-class food. Best when marinated for up to 24 hours in the fridge, but this recipe is designed for only an hour.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
58 Ratings
Number of stars:
3.88
Prep time: 
1 hr
Ready in:
1 hr 20 mins
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
454 calories
11.6
g fat
52.7
g carbohydrates
33.6
g protein
88
mg cholesterol
667
mg sodium.
