URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/72999/grilled-vidalia-onion-soup/
Title:
Grilled Vidalia Onion Soup Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/670322.jpg
Ingredients:
4 large Vidalia onions
4 tablespoons butter
4 cubes beef bouillon
12  ice cubes
4 tablespoons dry sherry
1 pinch salt and pepper to taste
4 slices provolone cheese

Directions:
Preheat the grill for medium-high heat.
Slice the tops off of the onions, and remove the outer layer of skin. Leave the base intact. Cut slices across the top in a cross hatch pattern, going about 1/2 inch into the onion. Set each onion on a square of heavy duty aluminum foil. Double the foil if you do not have the heavy duty. Place 1 tablespoon of butter on top of each onion, then place one bouillon cube onto the butter. Fold the foil up around the onion. When almost closed, place 3 ice cubes on top of the onion, and spoon 1 tablespoon of the sherry into each packet. Seal completely.
Place the packets on the grill, and cook for 40 to 45 minutes. Don't peek inside until the 40 minutes has passed. When the onions are cooked through, they will feel tender when you squeeze the packet. Open the foil up slightly, and place a slice of cheese on top of each one. Close the grill lid, and let the cheese melt into the onions for a minute.
Remove from the grill, and serve from the packets, or remove the onions to a serving bowl, and pour the stock from the packets in with them.

Submitter: 
RCHEISS
Description: 
I would like to be able to claim this but I got it from a good friend, I added the sherry. Vidalia Onions cooked on the grill, sealed in foil! Just like French onion soup, without the bother! Great anytime, and very easy to make. This can be made in the oven, 350 degrees for one hour. Serve with warm, crusty, bread and a sturdy red wine!
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
24 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.67
Prep time: 
20 mins
Ready in:
1 hr 10 mins
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
288 calories
19.5
g fat
18.7
g carbohydrates
10
g protein
50
mg cholesterol
1290
mg sodium.
