URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/73337/authentic-paella-valenciana/
Title:
Authentic Paella Valenciana Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/1088194.jpg
Ingredients:
1 tablespoon olive oil
½ (4 pound) whole chicken, cut into 6 pieces
½ (2 pound) rabbit, cleaned and cut into pieces
1 head garlic, cloves separated and peeled
1  tomato, finely chopped
1 (15.5 ounce) can butter beans
½ (10 ounce) package frozen green peas
½ (10 ounce) package frozen green beans
salt to taste
1 teaspoon mild paprika, or to taste
1 pinch saffron threads
dried thyme to taste (optional)
dried rosemary to taste (optional)
4 cups uncooked white rice, or as needed

Directions:
Heat a paella pan over medium-high heat, and coat with olive oil. Add the chicken, rabbit and garlic; cook and stir until nicely browned. Move the browned meat to the sides of the pan, and add the tomato, butter beans, peas, and green beans. Season with paprika, and mix well.
Fill the paella pan almost to the top with water, measuring the water as you put it in. This is to help you to determine how much rice to add, as paella pans come in different sizes. Bring to a boil. Simmer for about 1 hour to make a nice broth.
Season with a generous amount of salt, and just enough saffron to make a nice yellow color. Season with thyme and rosemary if desired. The goal is to make a rich tasting broth that will soak into the rice to make it delicious. Stir in half as much rice as the amount of water in the pan. Cover, reduce heat to low, and simmer until all of the liquid has been absorbed, about 20 minutes.

Submitter: 
Jason Nelson
Description: 
I lived in Spain for two years where I was taught the art of making the Paella which originated in Valencia. I haven't found anything on here which is even close to authentic, so I thought I would add this recipe for those who would like to try a taste of Spain. First and foremost you will need a special paella pan called a paellera or just a paella. Trust me after you taste this you'll be glad you bought the special pan.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
42 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.02
Prep time: 
30 mins
Ready in:
2 hrs
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
783 calories
31.3
g fat
87.3
g carbohydrates
34.2
g protein
82
mg cholesterol
328
mg sodium.
