URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/73846/wasabi-green-peas/
Title:
Wasabi Green Peas Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/4583442.jpg
Ingredients:
3 cups dried whole peas
1 1/2 cups Mirepoix (diced celery, carrots and onion)
3 tablespoons olive oil
salt to taste
1/4 teaspoon onion salt, or to taste
1/2 teaspoon garlic powder, or to taste
1/4 cup wasabi powder
2 tablespoons tahini (sesame-seed paste)
2 tablespoons rice vinegar
1 teaspoon Dijon mustard

Directions:
Soak the dried peas overnight, then rinse and drain. Place peas in a large pot with enough water to cover by a couple of inches. Add the Mirepoix, and bring to a boil. Cook until tender, about 1 hour.
Preheat the oven to 200 degrees F (95 degrees C). Coat a large cookie sheet with olive oil. It helps to use a cookie sheet with sides to keep them from rolling off.
Drain the peas, and transfer to the cookie sheet. Roll them around in the oil by tilting the pan, or stir with your hand. Bake for 4 to 8 hours in the preheated oven, stirring every 30 minutes or so, until peas are dry. Remove from oven, and season with salt, onion salt, and garlic powder.
While the peas are roasting, mix together the wasabi powder, tahini, rice vinegar, and Dijon mustard in a large bowl. When the peas are ready, pour them into the bowl, and stir to coat with the wasabi mixture. Pour them back onto the cookie sheet in a single layer, and return to the oven.
Bake for another 10 minutes in the preheated oven, or until the aroma becomes very strong, and the coating is dry.

Submitter: 
JANAT
Description: 
A spicy choice for snack food when you need to crunch on something.  Great to put out at a party or have next to you at your computer. If you really love wasabi, you may wish to double or triple the coating mixture.
Categories:
Appetizers and Snacks
Beans and Peas

Number of ratings:
12 Ratings
Number of stars:
2.5
Prep time: 
NA
Ready in:
6 h
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
370 calories
10.8
g fat
64.6
g carbohydrates
17.6
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
126
mg sodium.
