URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/74317/sesame-seared-salmon/
Title:
Sesame Seared Salmon Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/984979.jpg
Ingredients:
4 tablespoons vegetable oil
4 cups Mann's Stringless Sugar Snap® Peas
1 teaspoon ginger, fresh, grated
1 pound salmon fillet, cut into 4-ounce portions
3 tablespoons soy sauce
1 tablespoon sesame seeds, preferably brown
1/4 cup rice vinegar
1 clove garlic, crushed through a press (or minced)
1/2 head romaine lettuce, cut into one half inch slices
1 mango, ripe, halved, peeled and cut into 1/2 " strips
2 scallions, trimmed, cut into 1/4 " strips diagonally
2 tablespoons cilantro, chopped, plus leaves for garnish

Directions:
Heat a large skillet over medium high heat. Add 1 T of the oil and to coat the bottom. Add Mann's Stringless Sugar Snap(R) Peas; turn heat to high and stir-fry 1 minute. Drizzle with 1 T of water; stir-fry until crisp tender, about 1 minute more. Add ginger and stir fry to coat, 10 seconds. Transfer to a large serving bowl.
Add 1 T of the oil to the skillet and reheat over medium high heat. Add salmon and cook turning once or twice until cooked through, about 4 to 6 minutes, carefully turning with a wide spatula. Drizzle soy sauce evenly over the salmon and turn to coat; cook 1 minute. Sprinkle with sesame seeds. Remove skillet from heat. Transfer salmon to a side dish. Add remaining 2 T oil, rice vinegar, and garlic to skillet. Stir to blend.
Add lettuce, mango, half of the scallions, and cilantro to sugar snap peas. Pour half of the dressing over top and toss to combine. Divide among 4 dinner plates. Place salmon on top and drizzle with remaining dressing. Garnish with remaining scallions and cilantro leaves.

Submitter: 
Mann's Fresh Vegetables
Description: 
This is a fabulous Asian-inspired meal that is easy to make. Salmon is pan-fried and served over a bed of romaine with sugar snap peas and mango in a delicious Asian dressing.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
16 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.5625
Prep time: 
NA
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
447 calories
27.4
g fat
22.1
g carbohydrates
27.5
g protein
67
mg cholesterol
750
mg sodium.
