URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/74318/sugar-snap-pea-nicoise/
Title:
Sugar Snap Pea Nicoise Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/985721.jpg
Ingredients:
2 lemons
3 tablespoons Italian parsley
3 tablespoons fresh herbs basil, cilantro, tarragon, mint, coarsely chopped
8 scallions, white parts only, finely sliced
1/2 cup olive oil, extra virgin
2 medium white-skinned potatoes
4 medium zucchinis
4 cups Mann's Stringless Sugar Snap® Peas
salt and pepper, to taste
3 (6 ounce) cans white albacore tuna
3 cups Mann's Salad Spinach
lemon zest, to garnish (may substitute herb sprigs)

Directions:
Using a vegetable peeler, cut 6 wide strips of rind off the lemons. Chop the rind very finely, and place in a large bowl with the parsley, herbs, scallions and olive oil.
Cut the potato into short French fry shapes, about 1-inch long and 1/4-inch wide. Cut the zucchini the same way.
Bring 6 quarts of water and 2 tablespoons of salt to a boil. Using a colander or slotted spoon, add potato to water and cook until the potato is soft but still holding its shape, about 3 minutes. Remove potato, shake off excess water, and add to bowl with herbs and oil. Add zucchini to water and cook for about 1 minute. Remove zucchini, shake off water, and add to herbs and oil. Add Mann's Stringless Sugar Snap Peas to water and cook for about 1 minute. Remove snap peas, shake off water, and add to herbs and oil. Gently fold vegetables together. Add juice of 2-3 lemons and salt and pepper to taste. Gently fold in tuna.
Arrange Mann's Salad Spinach evenly on serving plates. Divide snap pea mixture among plates. Garnish with lemon zest or herb sprigs. Serve warm.

Submitter: 
Mann's Fresh Vegetables
Description: 
A fanciful Italian blend of potatoes, albacore tuna, zucchini and sugar snap peas is tossed in a lemony herb dressing and served on a bed of lettuce.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
NA
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
453 calories
26.1
g fat
26.3
g carbohydrates
29.1
g protein
26
mg cholesterol
400
mg sodium.
