URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/74506/smoked-sausage-pineapple-skewers/
Title:
Smoked Sausage Pineapple Skewers Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/992603.jpg
Ingredients:
3/4 cup brown sugar
3 cups pineapple juice
1 cup white vinegar
2 tablespoons La Choy® Soy Sauce
1 tablespoon minced fresh ginger
2 large red onions
2 medium red bell peppers
16 large fresh pineapple pieces
1 tablespoon lime juice
PAM® for Grilling
1 (1 pound) package smoked sausage

Directions:
If using wooden skewers, soak 8 heavy wood skewers in water.
Combine brown sugar, pineapple juice, vinegar, soy sauce, and ginger in medium saucepan. Bring to a boil over medium-high heat. Continue cooking 30 minutes to reduce to 2 cups.
Meanwhile, cut each onion into 8 wedges. Place in 13-inch by 9-inch glass dish. Remove seeds from peppers, cut each into 8 large pieces and add to dish. Then add pineapple pieces to dish.
Stir lime juice into pineapple juice mixture and pour over onion, pepper and pineapple pieces. Cover dish and marinate in refrigerator 1 hour.
Spray cold grill and utensils well with cooking spray. Position grill 3 to 4 inches from heat. Heat grill according to manufacturer's suggestion.
Cut each smoked sausage piece into 4 pieces.
To assemble each skewer, place 1 piece onion, red pepper, pineapple, sausage, onion, pepper and pineapple on metal or wooden skewer. Reserve remaining juice mixture to use as a glaze while grilling.
Place skewers on medium heat grill for several minutes until they start to brown. Brush with reserved juice mixture. Turn each skewer over and brush again until skewer has been covered. Continue heating until sausage is hot, about 10 minutes total time.

Submitter: 
PAM
Description: 
Skewers are generously laden with smoked sausage, pineapple, peppers and onion, then grilled and brushed with a tangy lime and ginger sauce.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
1 h 55 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
434 calories
18.4
g fat
54.2
g carbohydrates
14.7
g protein
39
mg cholesterol
1192
mg sodium.
