URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/75276/risotto-with-bacon-leeks-and-spanish-olives/
Title:
Risotto with Bacon, Leeks and Spanish Olives Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/985639.jpg
Ingredients:
4 cups low salt chicken broth
4 thick slices bacon, cut crosswise into thin strips
2 large leeks, white and light green parts thinly sliced
4 cloves garlic, minced
1 cup Arborio rice
1/2 cup quartered Lindsay® Stuffed Manzanilla Olives
1/2 cup chopped and well drained sun dried tomatoes packed in oil (optional)
1/2 cup grated romano or Asiago cheese
Salt and freshly ground black pepper (optional)

Directions:
Bring broth to a boil in a medium saucepan. Reduce heat so that broth stays at a constant gentle simmer. In a large, deep skillet, cook bacon over medium heat until browned and crisp. Transfer bacon strips with a slotted spoon to a paper towel; set aside. Pour off all but 1 tablespoon bacon drippings. Add leeks to skillet; cook 5 minutes, stirring occasionally. Add garlic and rice; cook 1 minute, stirring frequently.
Using a large ladle, transfer about 1 cup of the simmering broth to the rice mixture. Cook until most of the liquid is absorbed, stirring occasionally. Continue adding broth 1 ladleful at a time, until rice is slightly firm to the bite, 20 to 25 minutes, stirring occasionally and keeping the rice mixture at a constant simmer. Stir in olives, sun dried tomatoes if desired, and reserved bacon; heat through. Remove from heat; stir in cheese. Add salt and pepper to taste, if desired. Transfer to four shallow serving bowls.

Submitter: 
Lindsay® Olives
Description: 
Risotto is a classic Italian rice dish that everyone should try, and this version featuring Lindsay® Stuffed Manzanilla Olives is sure to become a favorite.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
40 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
439 calories
14.7
g fat
58.8
g carbohydrates
18
g protein
33
mg cholesterol
1017
mg sodium.
