URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/7635/screw-pine-cake/
Title:
Screw Pine Cake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
1 1/4 cups white sugar
20 egg yolks
4 eggs
3/4 cup all-purpose flour
2 cups butter
2 (10 ounce) cans coconut milk
2 tablespoons pandan paste
1/2 teaspoon green food coloring
1 tablespoon ovalette
1/2 teaspoon salt

Directions:
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Line one 13x9 inch pan with a greased cake sheet.
Beat eggs and sugar together until creamy. In a separate bowl, mix ovalette, butter, and coconut milk. Add into the egg mixture and continue mixing until ingredients are blended well. Stir in the sifted flour and salt. Mix well.
Separate batter into 2 bowls. Mix one bowl with the pandan paste and the green food coloring , making sure that the color is stirred in well. Pour 1 to 2 soup-ladle scoops of green cake mixture onto pan. Even it out so that the mixture covers the base of the pan
Pour 1-2 soup-ladle scoops of green cake mixture onto pan. Even it out so that the mixture covers the base of the pan. Bake it in a 400 degrees F (200 degrees C) oven until the top is brown. Take it out of the oven, prick the top gently with a fork and brush some butter over the top. Pour 1-2 scoops of the 'normal' colored cake mixture on top of the first layer. Spread evenly.
Change your oven setting so that you're using the upper fire only  (broiler). Increase temperature to 450 degrees F (230 degrees C). Bake the second layer till the top turns brown. Repeat the above procedure, alternating the colors each layer, until there is no cake mix left.
Let cake cool and cut and serve in finger-size portions.  (I do not recommend that this cake be eaten in chunks because it is very rich and high in cholesterol). Refrigerate any uneaten portions. Cake keeps well for 2 weeks if refrigerated. Thaw it for about 1/2 hour before eating.

Submitter: 
Margaret
Description: 
This is a beautiful Malaysian-style layer cake. It is a very time-consuming cake to make but well worth the effort. Very rich but very delicious. Screwpine (more commonly known as 'pandan') is a kind of fragrant leaf plant native to Malaysia but it can be found in paste form in most Asian grocery stores.
Categories:
World Cuisine
Asian
Malaysian

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
3
Prep time: 
NA
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
NA
