URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/76677/chocolate-oatmeal-pecan-pie-with-flaky-yogurt-crust/
Title:
Chocolate Oatmeal Pecan Pie with Flaky Yogurt Crust Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/982284.jpg
Ingredients:
For the crust:
2 cups all-purpose flour
3/4 cup Butter Flavor CRISCO® All-Vegetable Shortening
1/4 cup plain yogurt
1 teaspoon salt
1/8 teaspoon baking powder
For the filling:
2 (1 ounce) squares unsweetened baking chocolate
1/3 cup butter or stick margarine
1 cup light corn syrup
2/3 cup light brown sugar
3 eggs
1/2 teaspoon salt
2/3 cup quick-cooking oats
2/3 cup pecan halves
For the garnish:
Freshly whipped, sweetened cream, optional

Directions:
Make the crust: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. In a large mixing bowl, using a pastry blender or two knives, thoroughly blend all crust ingredients together.  Press crust mixture into bottom and sides of a 9-inch pie plate, leaving about 1/4-inch rim along top edge for crimping.  Using tines of a fork, gently press down crust all around top edge of pie plate; set aside.
Make the filling: In a double boiler, over barely simmering water, melt chocolate and butter; stir with a wooden spoon to combine. Remove from heat and cool to lukewarm on the counter.
Meanwhile, in a medium mixing bowl, using an electric mixer, blend brown sugar, corn syrup, eggs and salt until smooth.
Using a wooden spoon, stir in oats and pecan halves until combined. Add cooled chocolate and butter mixture to the filling and stir well.
Assemble the pie: Transfer filling to the unbaked crust. Bake for 30 to 40 minutes, or until a knife inserted in the center comes out clean. Cool pie on a wire rack.  Serve warm or at room temperature, garnished with whipped cream, if desired.

Submitter: 
CRISCO®
Description: 
Your guests will be asking for more when they taste this delightful combination of flavors in a flaky yogurt crust.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
NA
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
693 calories
39.2
g fat
82.1
g carbohydrates
8.8
g protein
91
mg cholesterol
563
mg sodium.
