URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/76995/chicken-chili-hash-with-peppers-cilantro/
Title:
Chicken Chili Hash With Peppers & Cilantro Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/10876.jpg
Ingredients:
2 tablespoons vegetable or olive oil
1 medium-large onion, cut into 1/2-inch dice
1 small bell pepper (any color), cut into 1/2-inch dice
1 pound Rotisserie chicken meat, pulled into bite-sized pieces
1 1/2 pounds starchy potatoes (such as Idaho), cut into 1/2-inch dice
2 tablespoons vegetable or olive oil
2 tablespoons ketchup
1 tablespoon Dijon mustard
1/2 teaspoon dried chili powder
2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro (or parsley)
2 tablespoons water
Salt and freshly ground black pepper

Directions:
Heat 2 tablespoons oil over low heat in a 12-inch non-stick skillet (so potatoes don't stick). While skillet heats, prepare onion, bell pepper, and chicken. A few minutes before cooking, increase heat to medium-high. When oil starts to send up wisps of smoke, add onion, pepper and chicken; cook, stirring often, until golden 7 to 8 minutes. Meanwhile, dice potatoes and toss with remaining oil. Transfer chicken mixture to a bowl and reserve.
Add potatoes to empty skillet; cook, stirring only occasionally so they form a golden-brown crust, about 10 minutes. As potatoes cook, mix ketchup, mustard, chili powder, chopped fresh cilantro, and 2 tablespoons of water. (Recipe can be prepared to this point up to 2 hours ahead. Spread hot potatoes on a large lipped cookie sheet; cover when cool. Return skillet to medium-high; add potatoes and re-crisp.)
Return reserved chicken mixture to skillet; stir in ketchup mixture, then season with salt and pepper. Cook, stirring frequently, until hash has nicely browned, about 5 minutes longer.

Submitter: 
Ben S.
Description: 
One of my favorite things to order when I go out to breakfast is hash - corned beef, roast beef or any other variation - which got me to thinking about trying to make it at home. After all, the ingredients are simple: As long as you've got some kind of protein, potatoes and onions, you're in business. And it makes a fast brunch or even light supper dish, with or without poached eggs.
Categories:
Breakfast and Brunch
Potatoes

Number of ratings:
18 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.11111116409302
Prep time: 
NA
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
406 calories
16.7
g fat
37.1
g carbohydrates
26.9
g protein
65
mg cholesterol
537
mg sodium.
