URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/76998/sausage-hash-with-apples-sage/
Title:
Sausage Hash With Apples & Sage Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/946191.jpg
Ingredients:
2 tablespoons vegetable or olive oil
1 large onion, cut into 1/2-inch dice
1 pound Mild or hot Italian sausage, removed from its casing, crumbled
1 pound starchy potatoes (such as Idaho), cut into 1/2-inch dice
1/2 pound firm apples (e.g., Granny Smith), cut into 1/2-inch dice
2 tablespoons vegetable or olive oil
2 tablespoons ketchup
1 tablespoon Dijon mustard
1/2 teaspoon rubbed sage or thyme leaves
2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley
Salt and freshly ground black pepper

Directions:
Heat 2 Tbs. oil over low heat in a 12-inch non-stick skillet (so potatoes don't stick). While skillet heats, prepare onion and Italian sausage as directed above. A few minutes before cooking, increase heat to medium-high. When oil starts to send up wisps of smoke, add onion and sausage; cook, stirring often, until golden brown. Meanwhile, dice potatoes and apples and toss with remaining oil. Transfer sausage mixture to a bowl and reserve.
Add potato mixture to empty skillet; cook, stirring only occasionally so they form a golden-brown crust, about 10 minutes. As potatoes cook, mix ketchup, mustard, dried sage and fresh parsley and 2 Tbs. of water. (Recipe can be prepared to this point up to 2 hours ahead. Spread hot potatoes on a large lipped cookie sheet; cover when cool. Return skillet to medium-high; add potatoes and re-crisp.)
Return reserved sausage mixture to skillet; stir in ketchup mixture, then season with salt and pepper. Cook, stirring frequently, until hash has nicely browned, about 5 minutes longer.

Submitter: 
Ben S.
Description: 
One of my favorite things to order when I go out to breakfast is hash - corned beef, roast beef or any other variation - which got me to thinking about trying to make it at home. After all, the ingredients are simple: As long as you've got some kind of protein, potatoes and onions, you're in business. And it makes a fast brunch or even light supper dish, with or without poached eggs.
Categories:
Breakfast and Brunch
Potatoes

Number of ratings:
15 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.13333320617676
Prep time: 
NA
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
653 calories
49.4
g fat
34
g carbohydrates
19.2
g protein
86
mg cholesterol
1598
mg sodium.
