URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/77003/frozen-tiramisu/
Title:
Frozen Tiramisu Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/819910.jpg
Ingredients:
1/2 cup strong coffee (made from instant is fine)
3 tablespoons rum (dark or light)
2 (3 ounce) packages ladyfingers
1/2 gallon coffee ice cream, softened on microwave's defrost setting for 1 minute
4 ounces bittersweet chocolate, coarsely grated
1 (8 ounce) container mascarpone cheese
3 tablespoons coffee flavored liqueur
1 tablespoon sugar
1/3 cup half-and-half

Directions:
Mix coffee and rum. Line a 2-quart metal loaf pan with plastic wrap, leaving an overhang. Use a pastry brush to paint the spiked coffee onto the ladyfingers. Then line the bottom and sides of the pan with ladyfingers, rounded side out.
Reserving 1/2 cup of chocolate for garnish, stir rest of chocolate into ice cream. Turn ice cream into loaf pan, using a rubber spatula to press ice cream evenly into pan. Cover with plastic wrap and freeze for at least 2 hours or up to 5 days.
When ready to serve, mix cheese, liqueur and sugar until smooth; whisk in half-and-half to form a thick but pourable sauce. Unmold dessert, using ends of plastic wrap to remove it from pan; peel away wrap. Slice loaf, drizzle with sauce and sprinkle with chocolate.

Submitter: 
USA WEEKEND columnist Pam Anderson
Description: 
Love tiramisu but don't have time to make it? My ice cream version rivals the real thing and can be prepared in under half an hour, no pastry skills required - not a bad return on a dessert that serves up to 14 people. If you think your supermarket doesn't carry mascarpone cheese, look again. Just because you've never seen it doesn't mean it's not there. If you really can't find it, no worries. You can make the sauce with cream cheese; just follow the conversion method in the introduction to the recipe. If you have little espresso cups collecting dust in the china cabinet, bring them out. Fill
Categories:
Desserts
Specialty Desserts
Tiramisu

Number of ratings:
10 Ratings
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
NA
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
14
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
495 calories
32.5
g fat
38.1
g carbohydrates
8.9
g protein
186
mg cholesterol
127
mg sodium.
