URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/77632/grilled-steak-and-potato-salad/
Title:
Grilled Steak and Potato Salad Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/986060.jpg
Ingredients:
1/4 cup red wine vinegar
1 tablespoon Dijon mustard
2 teaspoons jarred minced garlic
1 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon dried thyme leaves
1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper
1/2 teaspoon granulated sugar
3/4 cup CRISCO® Oil
1 1/2 pounds small red potatoes, scrubbed and quartered
1 pound boneless sirloin, New York Strip or Delmonico steak
1/2 pound fresh green beans, cut into 1-inch pieces
1/2 pound white mushrooms, rinsed, stems trimmed and thinly sliced
1 medium red bell pepper, seeds and ribs removed and thinly sliced
1/2 small red onion, peeled and thinly sliced
1 pint cherry tomatoes, rinsed and halved
Bibb or head lettuce leaves

Directions:
Whisk together vinegar, mustard, garlic, salt, thyme, pepper and sugar. Add CRISCO(R) Oil; whisk until thoroughly blended.
Place steak in re-sealable plastic bag. Pour one-third of dressing over meat. Marinate 30 minutes.
Place potatoes in large pot. Cover with cold water; add salt. Bring to boil on high heat. Boil for 12-15 minutes, or until tender when pierced with a knife. Drain. Place in large mixing bowl. Toss with half of remaining dressing.
Prepare grill or broiler.
Microwave green beans on high for 2 minutes, or until crisp-tender. Set aside. Add green beans, mushrooms, red bell pepper, onion and tomatoes to potatoes; toss gently to mix.
Remove steak from marinade; discard marinade. Season steak with salt and pepper.
Grill steak to desired doneness; allow to rest 5 minutes before slicing into thin slices across the grain.
Arrange lettuce leaves on 4 plates. Top with vegetable mixture. Place steak slices on top; drizzle with remaining dressing. Serve immediately.

Submitter: 
Crisco® Olive Oil
Description: 
Think you can't convince your family to eat salad for supper? Even 'meat and potato' types will love this salad.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
3.5
Prep time: 
NA
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
695 calories
49.3
g fat
43
g carbohydrates
26.9
g protein
51
mg cholesterol
748
mg sodium.
