URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/77647/classic-thumbprint-cookies/
Title:
Classic Thumbprint Cookies Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/982354.jpg
Ingredients:
Crisco® Original No-Stick Cooking Spray
1/2 cup firmly packed light brown sugar
1 Crisco® Butter Shortening Stick, cut into slices OR 1 cup Crisco® Butter Shortening
3 large eggs, separated
2 tablespoons water
1 1/2 teaspoons vanilla extract
1/4 teaspoon salt
2 cups Pillsbury BEST® All Purpose Flour
2 cups finely chopped pecans
1 cup Smucker's® Strawberry Preserves, or any Smucker's® Preserves, Jam or Jelly of your choice

Directions:
Preheat oven 350 degrees F. Adjust rack to middle position. Coat 2 cookie sheets lightly with no-stick cooking spray.
Beat brown sugar and shortening in medium bowl with an electric mixer at medium speed for 2 minutes or until fluffy. Scrape down sides of bowl. Add egg yolks, water, vanilla and salt. Beat until well combined. Add flour on low speed until well blended.
Beat egg whites in a shallow bowl until foamy. Place pecans in a separate bowl. Measure about 2 teaspoons dough for each cookie. Form into balls by rolling between your palms. Dip each dough ball into egg whites, then roll into pecans. Place on prepared cookie sheet. Using the back of a teaspoon or your thumb, make a rounded indentation in the top of each cookie.
Bake 10 minutes. Remove from oven. It may be necessary to create the indentation once again with a spoon. Place about 1 teaspoon preserves into the indentation of each cookie. Bake an additional 5 to 7 minutes or until lightly browned. Remove from oven. Allow cookies to cool on baking sheet for several minutes. Remove to cooling rack to cool completely.

Submitter: 
SMUCKER'S®
Description: 
Filled with the one-of-a-kind taste of SMUCKER'S® preserves or jam, this recipe combines delicious fruit flavor with classic crunch.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
17 Ratings
Number of stars:
3.47058820724487
Prep time: 
NA
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
48
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
calories
fat
carbohydrates
protein
cholesterol
sodium.
