URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/77655/strawberry-pinwheels/
Title:
Strawberry Pinwheels Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/985404.jpg
Ingredients:
For the cookie dough:
8 ounces cream cheese (at room temperature)
8 ounces unsalted butter (at room temperature)
2 tablespoons sugar
1 tablespoon grated orange zest (orange part of the peel)
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 7/8 cups all-purpose flour
For the filling:
1 cup SMUCKER'S® Strawberry Jelly or Jam
8 teaspoons sugar
2 teaspoons cinnamon
1/2 teaspoon nutmeg
1 cup finely chopped walnuts
1 cup currants or raisins
1 large egg, beaten with
1 tablespoon water

Directions:
Beat together cream cheese and butter. Add sugar, orange zest, vanilla and salt. Slowly add flour, until well combined. Gather the dough into a ball and divide it into 4 equal portions. Wrap each portion in plastic wrap and refrigerate overnight.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Coat 2 baking sheets with cooking spray.
Remove one portion of dough from the refrigerator and allow to sit 10 minutes at room temperature. Melt jam in a small saucepan over medium heat; let cool slightly.
In a separate bowl, stir together the sugar, cinnamon and nutmeg; set aside.  On a lightly floured surface with a floured rolling pin, roll the dough into an 8 x 10-inch rectangle. Spread 1/4 cup of the melted jam over the dough. Top with 2 1/2 teaspoons of the sugar mixture, 1/4 cup walnuts and 1/4 cup currants or raisins.
Cut the dough rectangle in half. Roll one half in jellyroll fashion and then slice into 10 pieces. Place each piece onto a prepared baking sheet, and brush with beaten egg mixture. Repeat with other dough half.
Bake cookies for 25 minutes. Transfer to wire rack to cool. Repeat process with remaining dough and filling.

Submitter: 
SMUCKER'S®
Description: 
With a strawberry flavor in every bite, this homemade recipe makes cookies that look as good as they taste.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
NA
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
78
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
calories
fat
carbohydrates
protein
cholesterol
sodium.
