URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/77937/creamy-corn-with-cumin-soup/
Title:
Creamy Corn With Cumin Soup Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/144715.jpg
Ingredients:
2 tablespoons olive oil
1 1/2 pounds frozen corn, thawed and drained
1 large onion, cut into large dice
1 tablespoon butter
1 pinch sugar
3 large garlic cloves, thickly sliced
2 teaspoons ground cumin
1/8 teaspoon cayenne pepper
3 cups chicken broth, homemade or from a carton or can
1/4 cup fresh cilantro leaves
1 1/2 cups half-and-half (or whole milk)
Salt and freshly ground pepper, to taste
Garnish: corn chips and chopped tomato

Directions:
Heat oil over medium-high heat in a large, deep saute pan until shimmering.
Add frozen corn, then onion; saute, stirring very little at first, then more frequently, until vegetables start to turn golden brown, 7 to 8 minutes.
Reduce heat to low and add butter, sugar and garlic; continue cooking until all vegetables are a rich spotty caramel color, about 10 minutes longer.
Add cumin and cayenne pepper; continue to saute until fragrant, 30 seconds to 1 minute longer.
Add broth; bring to a simmer over medium-high heat. Reduce heat to low and simmer, partially covered, until vegetables are tender, about 10 minutes.
Using an immersion blender or traditional blender, puree (adding fresh cilantro) until very smooth, 30 seconds to 1 minute. (If using a traditional blender, vent it either by removing the lid's pop-out center or by lifting one edge of the lid. Drape the blender canister with a kitchen towel. To 'clean' the canister, pour in a little half-and-half, blend briefly, then add to the soup.) Strain through a colander (the corn kernels don't puree).
Return to pan (or a soup pot); add enough half-and-half so the mixture is souplike, yet thick enough to float garnish. Taste, and add salt and pepper if needed. Heat through, ladle into bowls, garnish and serve.

Submitter: 
USA WEEKEND columnist Pam Anderson
Description: 
A pureed vegetable soup can be an impressive, easy and affordable first course for an elegant dinner, or even a light dinner on its own with salad and bread.
Categories:
Soups, Stews and Chili
Soup
Vegetable Soup

Number of ratings:
18 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.5
Prep time: 
NA
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
calories
fat
carbohydrates
protein
cholesterol
sodium.
