URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/78484/smoked-salmon-spinach-roulade/
Title:
Smoked Salmon & Spinach Roulade Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
Spinach Cake
1 (10 ounce) package frozen spinach, thawed and squeezed dry
1/2 cup chopped fresh parsley
1/3 cup flour
1/4 cup reduced-fat sour cream
1 dash Tabasco
Salt and freshly ground black pepper
2 large egg yolks
6 large egg whites
Filling
6 ounces reduced-fat cream cheese
3/4 cup low-fat (1%) cottage cheese
1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice
8 ounces best-quality smoked salmon fillet
1/4 cup snipped fresh chives
3 tablespoons capers, rinsed
Freshly ground black pepper to taste

Directions:
To Make Spinach Cake: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Lightly oil an 11-by-17-inch baking sheet with sides or coat it with nonstick cooking spray. Line the bottom of the baking sheet with parchment paper or wax paper and liberally oil or spray it as well. Set aside.
In a food processor, puree spinach, parsley, flour, sour cream and Tabasco until smooth. Season with salt and pepper. Add egg yolks and pulse to mix. Transfer to a bowl and set aside.
In a mixing bowl, beat egg whites with an electric mixer until stiff, but not dry, peaks form. With a rubber spatula, fold 1/3 of the beaten whites into the spinach puree to lighten it. Fold the spinach mixture into the remaining whites just until blended, and spread in the prepared pan. Bake for 8 to 10 minutes, or until the top  springs back when lightly touched. Let cool in the pan on a rack for 5 minutes.
Cover the work surface with a clean kitchen towel with the long edge toward you. Invert the spinach cake onto the towel. Peel off the parchment or wax paper and cover the spinach cake with another towel.
To Make Filling and Assemble Roulade: In a food processor, puree cream cheese and cottage cheese until smooth. Transfer to a small bowl and set aside.
Uncover the spinach cake and sprinkle the surface with lemon juice. Leaving a little border to accommodate the filling, spread half of the cheese mixture on the spinach cake and distribute smoked salmon evenly on top. Spread the remaining cheese mixture over the salmon. Sprinkle with chives and capers or horseradish. Season with pepper.
Starting at the long edge, gently roll the cake and filling as you would roll a jelly roll, using the towel to lift and assist in the rolling. Wrap the roulade in plastic wrap and refrigerate for at least 4 hours.
To serve, cut the roulade into 24 slices with a serrated knife.

Submitter: 
The South Beach Diet Online
Description: 
This phase 2 smoked salmon roulade is so entrancing to look at, you might not want to eat it. Don't hold back though, the beauty is only half of the dish. The luxurious spinach filling wrapped in a smoked salmon fillet will leave you breathless.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
NA
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
167 calories
7.5
g fat
9.1
g carbohydrates
15.8
g protein
74
mg cholesterol
543
mg sodium.
