URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/78480/
Title:
Seasonal Crudites with Hummus and Baba Ganoush Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
Crudites
1/4 pound asparagus
1/2 yellow squash
1/2 red bell pepper
1/4 orange bell pepper
1/4 head broccoli
3/4 medium head baby bok choy
3/4 stalk celery
Hummus
1/2 cup canned chickpeas
1 teaspoon garlic, minced
1 tablespoon olive oil
1 tablespoon tahini (sesame butter)
1/4 tablespoon parsley, chopped fine
1/2 tablespoon lemon juice
1/2 cup vegetable stock
Baba Ganoush
3/4 medium eggplant
1 teaspoon garlic, minced
2 tablespoons olive oil
1/2 tablespoon lemon juice
1 tablespoon tahini (sesame butter)
1/4 tablespoon parsley, chopped fine

Directions:
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Cut eggplant in half lengthwise and lightly score the surface. Sprinkle generously with salt and olive oil. Roast, cut side down, on cookie sheets for 40 minutes or until eggplants are very soft. Remove from oven and let cool.
In food processor, puree chickpeas, lemon juice, garlic, tahini and parsley. While machine is on, slowly pour in the olive oil. Add more oil or some vegetable stock to desired consistency. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Chill, covered, while continuing with eggplant.
Scoop flesh from skin of eggplant and puree in food processor with garlic, lemon juice, tahini and parsley. While machine is on, slowly pour in the olive oil. Add more oil or some vegetable stock to desired consistency. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Chill, covered, while preparing crudites.
Select a pot large enough to hold all the asparagus. Fill it with water and put on to boil. Salt the water generously. Trim the bottom inch or two from the asparagus. Cut the florets from the broccoli. Cut the base from the bok choy and separate the stems, rinsing off any dirt. Cut off the tops of the bell peppers and remove the cores and seeds. Cut peppers into strips. Cut celery into smaller pieces to match the size of the peppers. Cut yellow squash into spears to match the peppers and celery. Once water is boiling, immerse asparagus for about 3 minutes or until tender to taste. Remove and immediately rinse under cold water to stop them from cooking. Repeat with broccoli florets. Keeping vegetables separate, arrange on platters and serve with hummus and baba ganoush.

Submitter: 
The South Beach Diet Online
Description: 
You won't believe that this sophisticated spread is also perfect for phase 1. Asparagus, bell peppers and broccoli are arranged on a platter with your choice of hummus and baba ganoush for dipping.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4.75
Prep time: 
NA
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
488 calories
30.7
g fat
47.1
g carbohydrates
16
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
503
mg sodium.
