URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/78502/chicken-livers-peri-peri/
Title:
Chicken Livers Peri Peri Recipe
Image:
https://imagesvc.meredithcorp.io/v3/mm/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.media-allrecipes.com%2Fuserphotos%2F103813.jpg
Ingredients:
1 pound chicken livers, trimmed and cut into bite-size pieces
3 tablespoons olive oil
3 tablespoons red wine vinegar
1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice
2 cloves garlic, crushed
1 teaspoon ground cumin
1 teaspoon ground coriander
2 teaspoons crushed red pepper flakes
2  bay leaves
1 pinch salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste
1 tablespoon olive oil
1 tablespoon butter
1 medium onion, chopped
1 tablespoon tomato paste
1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce
½ cup chicken stock
1 tablespoon brandy

Directions:
Place chicken livers in a large bowl, and pour in 3 tablespoons olive oil, vinegar, and lemon juice; season with garlic, cumin, coriander, chili flakes, bay leaves, salt, and pepper. Stir together, and refrigerate for 1 to 2 hours.
Remove livers to a bowl, and reserve marinade.
Heat  1 tablespoon olive oil and butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Stir in onion, and cook until tender, about 7 minutes. Increase heat to medium-high, and stir in chicken livers; cook for 2 minutes, being careful not to overcook the livers. Stir in the tomato paste, Worcestershire sauce, chicken stock, and the reserved marinade. Simmer gently for 5 minutes. Pour in brandy, and heat through.

Submitter: 
FAIRDINKUM
Description: 
This is a spicy but succulent dish of chicken livers with a chili and vinaigrette gravy. It contains brandy as the magic ingredient. It is great for an entree or main meal. Serve with toasted bread or with fresh bread rolls, and watch your guests mop up the gravy with the bread!
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
37 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.32
Prep time: 
15 mins
Ready in:
2 hrs 30 mins
Number of servings: 
2 hrs
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
319 calories
22.5
g fat
6.6
g carbohydrates
20.3
g protein
399
mg cholesterol
265
mg sodium.
