URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/78592/spicy-and-tangy-hot-wings/
Title:
Spicy and Tangy Hot Wings Recipe
Image:
https://imagesvc.meredithcorp.io/v3/mm/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.media-allrecipes.com%2Fuserphotos%2F1128690.jpg
Ingredients:
12  chicken wings, cut into thirds, tips discarded
¼ cup red wine vinegar
¼ cup malt vinegar
2 tablespoons Catalina salad dressing
2 teaspoons hot pepper sauce
1 tablespoon chili powder
1 teaspoon cayenne pepper
1 teaspoon ground black pepper
1 teaspoon minced garlic
1 pinch dried oregano
1 teaspoon prepared horseradish (optional)
½ cup all-purpose flour
3 tablespoons chili powder
4 cups peanut oil for frying
hot pepper sauce (e.g. Tabasco™), or to taste

Directions:
In a large bowl, mix together the red wine vinegar, malt vinegar, salad dressing, hot pepper sauce, 1 tablespoon chili powder, cayenne pepper, black pepper, garlic, oregano and horseradish.
Heat the oil in a deep-fryer to 365 degrees F (185 degrees C). In a separate bowl, mix together the flour and 3 tablespoons of chili powder. Dredge the wings in the seasoned flour.
Deep fry the wings for about 15 minutes, or until dark brown but not burnt. Drain briefly, then throw them into the bowl with the sauce. Stir to coat liberally. If you enjoy a hotter rather than tangy wing, liberally dash more hot pepper sauce onto the already sauce-coated wings.

Submitter: 
Heath Giles
Description: 
This is my wing recipe that I've tweaked over the last 10 years to suit my specific tastes.  If you don't like vinegar and cayenne; these wings will not be for you.  I've never seen a middle ground with this recipe; they are either raved about or politely passed up.  If you like a hotter wing experience, double the amounts of chili powder and cayenne powder. Enjoy with chunky blue cheese or ranch dressing.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
11 Ratings
Number of stars:
3.91
Prep time: 
10 mins
Ready in:
25 mins
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
288 calories
22.4
g fat
14.7
g carbohydrates
8.5
g protein
21
mg cholesterol
173
mg sodium.
