URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/79257/spiced-beef-on-pita-triangles-with-fresh-mango-salsa/
Title:
Spiced Beef on Pita Triangles With Fresh Mango Salsa Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
4 (7-inch) pita breads, split into 2 thin rounds and quartered
1 1/2 teaspoons ground cumin
1 1/2 teaspoons ground ginger
1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1/4 teaspoon ground cloves
1 1/2 pounds lean ground beef (or ground lamb or turkey)
1 large red onion, cut into small dice
1 pinch Salt and freshly ground pepper
1 (9 ounce) jar Major Grey Chutney
1 medium mango, cut into small dice
2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro

Directions:
Heat oven to 325 degrees. Place pita triangles on oven rack set in the middle position. Bake until golden brown, 10 minutes. (Store in an airtight tin for up to a week.)
Mix cumin, ginger, cinnamon and cloves in a small bowl. Leave 1/4 teaspoon of the spice mix in the bowl and sprinkle the remaining spices over beef; mix to combine.
Heat a large (12-inch) skillet over medium-high heat. Add meat and all but 1/3 cup of the onion; saute seasoning with salt and pepper and stirring frequently to break meat into a finely ground texture. Stir until meat is fully cooked and all liquid has evaporated from the pan, about 9 minutes. Stir in 1/2 cup of chutney; cook to blend flavors, about 1 minute longer. (Can be refrigerated in a covered container up to 5 days.)
When ready to serve, rewarm beef and make the salsa: Stir together the mango, cilantro, and remaining chutney, onion and spice mix. Spoon a portion of meat on each pita triangle, top with salsa and serve. Or set out meat, pita chips and salsa and let guests make their own.

Submitter: 
USA WEEKEND columnist Pam Anderson
Description: 
The pita chips and meat mixture can be made days ahead.
Categories:
Appetizers and Snacks
Dips and Spreads
Salsa
Mango Salsa

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
NA
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
32
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
96 calories
4
g fat
9.9
g carbohydrates
5.3
g protein
15
mg cholesterol
139
mg sodium.
