URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/79255/thai-chicken-bites-with-dipping-sauce/
Title:
Thai Chicken Bites With Dipping Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/68455.jpg
Ingredients:
2 teaspoons light or dark brown sugar
1 teaspoon ground coriander
1 teaspoon ground ginger
1 teaspoon turmeric
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon garlic powder
1 teaspoon chili powder
½ cup prepared Thai peanut sauce
½ cup light coconut milk
½ cup chicken broth
4  boneless, skinless chicken breast halves
2 tablespoons vegetable oil
2 tablespoons coarsely chopped peanuts
2 tablespoons thinly sliced scallions

Directions:
Mix sugar and dry seasonings in a small bowl. In a 2-cup measuring cup, mix peanut sauce, coconut milk and broth. Split each breast by cutting in half horizontally. Lightly pound to about a 1/2-inch thickness. Place chicken and oil in a medium bowl; toss to coat. Sprinkle seasoning mix evenly over chicken breasts.
Heat a 12-inch non-stick skillet over medium-high heat until very hot, then add chicken. Cook, turning once, until crusty brown and fully cooked, about 2 minutes per side. Transfer to a cutting board and let rest.
Add peanut mixture to empty skillet; cook, stirring constantly to loosen brown bits, until sauce reduces by half, about 2 to 4 minutes. Return to measuring cup. (Chicken and sauce can be made 2 hours ahead; reheat in a warm oven or microwave.)
To serve, cut each breast cutlet into 12 to 15 bite-sized pieces. Transfer to a serving platter. Drizzle with a little peanut sauce, then sprinkle with peanuts and scallions. Serve immediately with toothpicks and remaining dipping sauce.

Submitter: 
USA WEEKEND columnist Jean Carper
Description: 
Let guests do the skewering by serving these chicken chunks with toothpicks.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
60 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.67
Prep time: 
50
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
NA
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
29 calories
1.7
g fat
0.8
g carbohydrates
2.6
g protein
5
mg cholesterol
59
mg sodium.
