URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/79826/raspberry-liqueur-valentine-cookies/
Title:
Raspberry Liqueur Valentine Cookies Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
1/2 cup butter
1/2 cup vegetable shortening
1 cup confectioners' sugar
2 eggs
1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract
1/2 teaspoon lemon extract
2 3/4 cups all-purpose flour
1 tablespoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
2 tablespoons milk
Frosting:
1 egg white, room temperature
3 cups confectioners' sugar
2 tablespoons milk, room temperature
2 tablespoons raspberry flavored liqueur
1 tablespoon cherry flavored Jell-O® mix
1 pinch salt

Directions:
In a medium bowl, beat together the butter, shortening, and 1 cup sugar until smooth and creamy; then add eggs, vanilla, and lemon extract. In a large bowl, mix together flour, salt, and baking powder. Make a well in the middle, and pour creamy mixture into it, folding the dry into the wet until mixed. Stir in 2 tablespoons milk at the end. To make rolling easier, you may cover and refrigerate anywhere from 1 hour up to a few days.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). On a lightly floured surface, roll out dough to 1/8 inch thickness. Use a heart-shaped cookie cutter to cut shapes out of dough. Place cookies 2 inches apart on a baking sheet.
Bake in preheated oven for 6 to 10 minutes. Slightly browned is OK, but not necessary. Remove from baking sheets to wire racks to cool.
Meanwhile, in a medium bowl, beat egg white with an electric mixer until frothy but not stiff. Gradually beat in 1 1/2 cups sugar, then 1/8 cup milk. Mix in raspberry liqueur and cherry-flavored gelatin. Gradually beat in remaining 1 1/2 cups sugar and pinch of salt, mixing until the icing looks about like marshmallow fluff, not quite stiff enough to stand in peaks. Spread icing on top of cookies.

Submitter: 
IWALCOTT
Description: 
These cookies are crisp and flaky, and they don't taste lemony. The low sugar content is important because the icing is so sweet.  They have a delicate black raspberry liqueur scent once iced, and are beautiful as well, with a shiny glossy finish. You will need a heart-shaped cookie cutter. If you like, sprinkle the frosting with rainbow non-pareils, silver balls, or red sugar. Frosting dries to a high sheen within a half hour or so.
Categories:
Desserts
Fruit Desserts
Raspberry Desserts

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
2.5
Prep time: 
1 h 30 m
Ready in:
1 h 40 m
Number of servings: 
36
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
147 calories
5.8
g fat
22.1
g carbohydrates
1.6
g protein
17
mg cholesterol
99
mg sodium.
