URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/79918/barbs-supreme-curried-ham-and-egg-stacks/
Title:
Barb's Supreme Curried Ham and Egg Stacks Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/698813.jpg
Ingredients:
2 tablespoons olive oil, divided
1 medium shallot, thinly sliced
2 (1/4 inch thick) slices of Black Forest Ham
10 leaves baby spinach, rinsed and dried
2 English muffins, split and toasted (optional)
2 eggs
1/2 teaspoon curry powder
1/4 cup pineapple juice
salt and pepper to taste

Directions:
Heat 1 tablespoon of olive oil in a heavy skillet over medium heat. Add shallot, and cook until lightly browned. Remove from the pan, and set aside. Fry the ham slices in the same skillet just until browned on each side. As you turn the ham to brown on the second side, place the spinach leaves on top to steam a little. Remove from the skillet and place onto a plate or onto toasted English muffins, keeping the spinach on top.
Heat the remaining tablespoon of oil in the skillet. Crack the eggs in, and fry on each side to your desired degree of doneness. Place the eggs on top of the ham stacks.
Return the shallots to the skillet, and season with curry powder. Gradually stir in pineapple juice, scraping the bottom of the pan to mix in all of the browned bits. Increase the heat to medium-high, and boil until the sauce has reduced and thickened. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Spoon sauce over the egg stacks and serve immediately.

Submitter: 
Always Cooking Up Something
Description: 
I just thought this up one morning, trying to think of something different to have for breakfast.  Ham, spinach, fried eggs, pineapple-curry sauce makes a surprisingly yummy combination.  Serve over toast or English muffins if you like.
Categories:
Breakfast and Brunch
Eggs

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4.42857122421265
Prep time: 
5 m
Ready in:
15 m
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
381 calories
20.3
g fat
36.5
g carbohydrates
15.3
g protein
192
mg cholesterol
477
mg sodium.
