URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/81149/suspiro-a-la-limea/
Title:
Suspiro a la Limea Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
1 (12 fluid ounce) can evaporated milk
1 (14 ounce) can sweetened condensed milk
2 cups white sugar
5 egg yolks, beaten
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
5 egg whites
1 cup white sugar
1/4 cup water
1 pinch ground cinnamon

Directions:
In a saucepan over low heat, stir together the evaporated milk and 2 cups of sugar. Cook over low heat, stirring occasionally, until the mixture is thick enough for you to see the bottom of the pan when you stir, about 25 minutes.
Slowly stir in the sweetened condensed milk, pouring in a very thin stream. Pour a small amount of the hot milk mixture into the egg yolks, and then slowly pour back into the saucepan in a thin stream while stirring vigorously. Mix in the vanilla. Run the mixture through a sieve or strainer, into individual ramekins or heatproof custard cups. Set aside.
In a separate saucepan, stir together 1 cup of sugar and water. Bring to a boil, and cook until the mixture can spin a thin brittle thread off the spoon. Remove from the heat. In a large bowl, whip egg whites with an electric mixer until they can hold a stiff peak. Drizzle in the sugar syrup while whipping on low speed until fully incorporated. Then, mix on medium speed until the meringue is cold. This will prevent it from separating. Spoon onto the cups of custard to serve, and top with a light dusting of ground cinnamon.

Submitter: 
Cynthia Russell
Description: 
This is a traditional Peruvian dessert, so sweet it hurts and so delicious it is a blessing that one can find the ingredients to make it anywhere in the world.
Categories:
World Cuisine
Latin American
South American
Peruvian

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4.19999980926514
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
50 m
Number of servings: 
9
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
494 calories
9.4
g fat
95.2
g carbohydrates
9.8
g protein
141
mg cholesterol
135
mg sodium.
