URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/81216/chicken-or-turkey-crepes-with-tarragon/
Title:
Chicken or Turkey Crepes with Tarragon Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/442537.jpg
Ingredients:
3 recipes Basic Crepes
4 tablespoons butter
2 tablespoons finely chopped onion
4 tablespoons all-purpose flour
1 cup milk
¾ cup chicken broth
¼ cup dry white wine
¼ teaspoon chopped dried tarragon
2  egg yolks
2 cups diced cooked chicken
salt to taste
¼ cup milk

Directions:
Prepare a basic crepe recipe in advance. Crepes can be made and frozen up to several weeks ahead of time.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Melt butter in a saucepan over medium heat. Stir in onion, and cook 2 minutes. Stir in flour until blended. Slowly whisk in 1 cup milk, whisking constantly until smooth. Mix in broth, wine, and tarragon; stir over medium-low heat until thickened (about 4 minutes).
In a small bowl, gradually stir 3 tablespoons of the hot milk and broth sauce into the egg yolks; then pour egg mixture into sauce, whisking briskly. Cook 1 minute more, then remove from heat.
In a medium bowl, mix together half of the sauce with the chicken. Season with salt to taste.
Fill each crepe with 3 tablespoons of chicken mixture. Roll crepes, and place seam-side down in a 9x13 inch baking dish. Thin the remaining sauce with 1/4 cup milk, and pour over crepes.
Bake in a preheated oven 20 minutes, or until sauce begins to bubble.

Submitter: 
SHODGIN
Description: 
I've made these for years, and it's a great way to use leftover chicken or turkey! If you're not in the mood for tarragon, just use your favorite spices! Prepare a basic crepe recipe in advance. Crepes can be made and frozen up to several weeks ahead of time.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
46 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.17
Prep time: 
20 mins
Ready in:
55 mins
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
114 calories
6.9
g fat
3.6
g carbohydrates
8.1
g protein
64
mg cholesterol
114
mg sodium.
