URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/83519/chicken-cigar-wraps-with-paprika-sauce/
Title:
Chicken Cigar Wraps with Paprika Sauce Recipe
Image:
NA
Ingredients:
1 pound ground chicken
2  shallots, chopped
2 teaspoons Marsala wine
1 tablespoon paprika
4 teaspoons ground cumin
1 teaspoon garlic powder
2 teaspoons red pepper flakes
1 (16 ounce) package frozen phyllo dough, thawed
2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh parsley
½ cup butter, melted
¼ cup chicken broth
¼ cup heavy cream
¾ cup sour cream
2 tablespoons paprika
½ teaspoon salt
¼ teaspoon cayenne pepper

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C).
In a medium bowl, mix together the ground chicken, shallots, wine, paprika, cumin, garlic powder, and red pepper flakes.
Lay out one phyllo sheet on a clean surface, and brush with a light layer of melted butter. Place another sheet on top. Form a 1/2 inch thick strip of the chicken mixture along the long side of the sheets of dough. Roll up like a long cigar, dabbing the end of the dough with a little butter to seal. Cut into 3 inch sections to make cigars. You should get 3 cigars per roll. Place the cigars in a baking dish, and repeat the process with the remaining dough and filling.
Bake for 18 minutes in the preheated oven, or until the rolls are deep golden brown and crispy.
While the cigars are baking, whisk together the cream, sour cream, paprika, salt, and cayenne pepper in a small saucepan over medium heat. Cook and stir just until the sauce is hot. Do not boil. Remove from heat and serve as a dipping sauce for the cigars.

Submitter: 
VENUSLIZARD
Description: 
Delicious, flavorful chicken mix is wrapped up in phyllo dough, baked and served with a creamy, spicy sauce. Serve hot as an appetizer or main course.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
6 Ratings
Number of stars:
3.33
Prep time: 
20 mins
Ready in:
38 mins
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
290 calories
12.3
g fat
41.4
g carbohydrates
6
g protein
25
mg cholesterol
389
mg sodium.
