URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/83752/mushroom-stuffed-chicken-breasts-in-a-balsamic-pan-sauce/
Title:
Mushroom-Stuffed Chicken Breasts in a Balsamic Pan Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/793576.jpg
Ingredients:
1 ounce dried mushrooms (the variety of your choice)
4 large garlic cloves
1 pound portobello or white mushrooms, cleaned, stems trimmed, then coarsely chopped
1 teaspoon dried thyme leaves
2 tablespoons olive oil
6 ounces mild goat cheese
1 pinch Salt and pepper, to taste
¼ cup honey
¼ cup balsamic vinegar
8  split skin-on chicken breasts (10 to 12 ounces each), rib bones and excess fat trimmed away with poultry scissors, rinsed and patted dry
1 teaspoon cornstarch dissolved in
1 tablespoon water

Directions:
Bring 1 cup water to a boil. Add dried mushrooms, cover and let stand about 20 minutes. Squeeze dry; strain liquid (a coffee filter is handy for this) and reserve.
In a food processor, mince garlic and rehydrated mushrooms. Add fresh mushrooms and thyme; continue to process until all is minced.
Heat oil in a 12-inch skillet over medium-high heat. Add mushroom mixture; saute until nearly all moisture has evaporated, 5 to 7 minutes. Turn off heat, stir in cheese, and season with salt and pepper. Set aside.
Mix honey and vinegar in a small bowl.
Adjust oven rack to lowest position and heat oven to 425 degrees.
Set breasts, skin side down, on a large, heavy, lipped cookie sheet. Brush with half of the honey-vinegar; generously salt and pepper. Turn breasts over. Push fingers under skin to make a pocket; stuff with mushroom mixture. Again brush with honey-vinegar and season with salt and pepper. Being careful not to crowd, arrange breasts on cookie sheet so thickest ends point outward. (Can now be covered and refrigerated overnight; return to room temperature before roasting.)
Roast until golden brown, adding water if necessary to keep pan drippings from burning, until a meat thermometer registers 160 degrees in the thickest portion of the largest piece, 30 to 45 minutes. Transfer chicken to a platter.
Scrape pan juices into a medium saucepan. Add reserved mushroom-soaking liquid and enough water to equal 1 1/2 cups of liquid. Bring to a simmer. Add cornstarch mixture; continue to simmer until it thickens a bit.
Arrange a breast on each of 8 plates; drizzle with sauce, and serve.

Submitter: 
Ben S.
Description: 
When you're shopping, try to find the smaller, more attractive 10- to 12-ounce bone-in, skin-on chicken breasts. The 1-pound ones work fine, too: Just give them a good fist-pounding to flatten them a bit before stuffing (and you may want to split this size between two guests).
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
31 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.39
Prep time: 
8
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
NA
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
423 calories
15.4
g fat
16.3
g carbohydrates
53.7
g protein
145
mg cholesterol
233
mg sodium.
