URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/84754/snowball-shrimp/
Title:
Snowball Shrimp Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/1130484.jpg
Ingredients:
1 cup walnut halves
1 cup water
1 cup white sugar
1/2 cup honey
2 cups vegetable oil for frying
1 pound peeled and deveined medium shrimp
4 egg whites
1/2 cup cracker crumbs
1 head broccoli, cut into florets
1 cup mayonnaise
1/4 cup white sugar
1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract
1 1/2 teaspoons lemon juice
2 tablespoons sweetened condensed milk

Directions:
Fill a saucepan with water and bring to a boil over high heat. Add the walnuts, and cook for 10 minutes. Drain the water from the walnuts, and stir in 1 cup of water and 1 cup sugar. Return to a boil, and cook 10 more minutes, stirring occasionally.  Drain the walnuts and place on a cookie sheet lined with parchment paper to dry, about 15 minutes.  Remove the walnuts to a bowl and coat them with honey.
Heat oil in a deep-fryer or large saucepan to 325 degrees F (175 degrees C). Drain the walnuts of excess honey, and deep fry them until brown, about 5 minutes.  Remove the walnuts from the oil with a slotted spoon, and set aside.
Dry the shrimp well with paper towels.  Whip egg whites in a medium bowl until foamy. Dip shrimp into the beaten egg whites, and then into the cracker crumbs, coating them well.  Gently toss between your hands so any crumbs that haven't stuck can fall away. Place the breaded shrimp onto a plate while breading the rest; do not stack. Reheat the oil to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) and fry the shrimp in the hot oil until golden brown, about 3 to 5 minutes. Remove with a slotted spoon and drain on paper towels.
Place a steamer insert into a saucepan, and fill with water to just below the bottom of the steamer. Cover, and bring the water to a boil over high heat. Add the broccoli florets, recover, and steam until just tender, 2 to 6 minutes depending on thickness. Set the broccoli aside.
Whisk together mayonnaise, 1/4 cup sugar, vanilla extract, lemon juice, and sweetened condensed milk in a large bowl until smooth. Add the candied walnuts, shrimp, and steamed broccoli florets, and stir lightly to combine. Serve with hot cooked rice.

Submitter: 
Jason Nelson
Description: 
Don't let the ingredients scare you. If you have a sweet tooth and love shrimp, then this will be the most amazing shrimp dish you have ever tasted. I first tried it at an Asian restaurant. I loved it so much that I looked everywhere on the internet to find a mock version. With a little tweaking I came up with this recipe that tastes just like the original. I served it to my inlaws, and now they think I am an amazing chef.
Categories:
World Cuisine
Asian

Number of ratings:
8 Ratings
Number of stars:
3.375
Prep time: 
40 m
Ready in:
1 h 30 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
935 calories
57.6
g fat
90.4
g carbohydrates
21.3
g protein
121
mg cholesterol
477
mg sodium.
