URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/84810/smoked-salmon-sushi-with-wasabi-dipping-sauces/
Title:
Smoked Salmon Sushi with Wasabi Dipping Sauces Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
1 cup short grain, sticky (sushi) rice
1 cup water
2 tablespoons rice vinegar
1 tablespoon sugar
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 (3 ounce) package sliced smoked salmon
McCormick® Gourmet Collection® Wasabi Powder
Garnishes:
McCormick® Gourmet Collection® Sesame Seed, toasted
McCormick® Gourmet Collection® Chopped Chives
radish or cucumber, thinly sliced
Wasabi Paste*
Wasabi Soy-Vinegar Dipping Sauce*
Wasabi Soy Dipping Sauce*

Directions:
Put rice in fine strainer and rinse well under running water until water runs clear; drain.  Bring 1 cup water with rinsed rice to boil in a medium saucepan .  Reduce heat; cover and simmer 20 minutes.  Remove from heat; let stand covered 10 minutes.
Combine rice vinegar, sugar, and salt; stir to dissolve sugar.  Gently mix into cooked rice, partially cover, and cool rice to room temperature.
To shape sushi rice into ovals:  for each, scoop heaping spoonful of rice with a wet "soup spoon" and using wet palm of other hand form firm oval (about 2 1/4 x 1 1/4 inches) by rolling rice in palm with the aid of the spoon.  It is easiest to form all (15) sushi ovals first.
Cut salmon into 15 pieces about 2 x 1 inches each.
For mild sushi, sprinkle top of each rice oval with wasabi powder and lay a piece of salmon, lengthwise, over rice.  Press rice firmly to attach salmon (wet palms, if necessary.)  For hotter flavored sushi, omit sprinkling wasabi powder and place a small dab of Wasabi Paste* in center of rice oval before adhering salmon.
Place sushi, salmon side up, on serving plate.  Top each, as desired, with assorted garnishes.  Cover and chill, if desired.  Serve with Wasabi Paste and Dipping Sauces.

Submitter: 
McCormick® Gourmet Collection®
Description: 
Wasabi Powder makes homemade sushi possible. With this trio of sauces, you can customize this sushi to the flavor and heat level you prefer. Use different garnishes to add variety.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
15
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
68 calories
1.2
g fat
12
g carbohydrates
2.2
g protein
1
mg cholesterol
124
mg sodium.
