URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/84935/apple-raisin-chutney-filled-brie-sev-paneer/
Title:
Apple Raisin Chutney-Filled Brie (Sev Paneer) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/982516.jpg
Ingredients:
California Raisin Chutney:
1 (15 ounce) package California golden raisins
1 cup water
1/2 teaspoon black peppercorns
2 teaspoons cumin seed
1 tablespoon minced ginger
1 tablespoon minced garlic
1 cup granulated sugar
1/4 cup white vinegar
2 tablespoons chopped sun-dried tomatoes (packed in oil)
1/2 teaspoon cayenne pepper
1 1/2 teaspoons dried basil
1/4 teaspoon ground cardamom
2 teaspoons salt
1 (8 ounce) wheel Brie (plain)
1/2 cup chopped Granny Smith apples
1/3 cup California Raisin Chutney (above)
1 (12-inch) square thawed, frozen puff pastry
1 large lightly beaten egg
2 tablespoons water

Directions:
Soak California golden raisins in lukewarm water for 30 minutes, until they are plump.
In a spice or a coffee grinder, grind black peppercorns and cumin seeds. Set aside.
In a food processor, coarsely chop soaked California golden raisins.
In a medium saucepan, heat California golden raisins, ginger, garlic, sugar and vinegar on medium-high for 5 minutes. Add the remaining ingredients and cook on medium heat about 10 minutes until syrup is thick and sticks to the spoon. Store Chutney in jars and refrigerate.
Heat oven to 375 degrees F.
Scoop out center portion of Brie and discard; smooth out bottom.
In small mixing bowl, combine apples and chutney. Spoon into center of Brie.
On lightly floured surface, roll puff pastry into 12-inch circle. Place Brie in center and lift pastry sheet edges to form a 'twist tie'. Pinch off excess dough and gently smooth ends for finished appearance.
Combine egg and water to make egg wash. Brush pastry liberally.
Bake on ungreased baking dish 25 to 30 minutes or until golden brown. Serve immediately.

Submitter: 
California Raisin Marketing Board
Description: 
A deliciously sweet raisin chutney made with golden raisins and sun-dried tomatoes and mixed with tart Granny Smith apples is spooned into a small wheel of brie, wrapped in puff pastry, and baked.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
NA
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
