URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/85214/california-grilled-lamb-burger-with-cumin-yogurt/
Title:
California Grilled Lamb Burger with Cumin Yogurt Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
2 teaspoons McCormick® Gourmet Collection® Fennel Seed
2 teaspoons McCormick® Gourmet Collection® Coriander Seed
4 shallots, finely minced
1 tablespoon olive oil
3/4 teaspoon McCormick® Gourmet Collection® Mediterranean Oregano Leaves
1/2 teaspoon McCormick® Gourmet Collection® Thyme Leaves
1 tablespoon McCormick® Gourmet Collection® Parsley Flakes
3/4 teaspoon McCormick® Gourmet Collection® Paprika
1/4 teaspoon McCormick® Gourmet Collection® Ground Cayenne Red Pepper
1/4 teaspoon McCormick® Coarse Grind Black Pepper
1 teaspoon salt
1 1/2 pounds ground lamb

Cumin Yogurt:
1/4 teaspoon McCormick® Gourmet Collection® Cumin Seed
1/2 cup plain yogurt
1/8 teaspoon salt
1 pinch McCormick® Coarse Grind Black Pepper

Directions:
Toast fennel and coriander seeds, in a preheated dry skillet over medium heat, about 30 seconds or until aromatic. Remove from skillet. Crush seeds in small bowl or with a mortar and pestle. In same skillet, saute the shallots in the olive oil until translucent and just starting to color. Add the oregano and thyme. Immediately remove from heat and set aside.
Combine remaining spices, salt and lamb in a medium bowl. Mix gently, shape into 6 patties.
Toast cumin seeds, in a preheated, dry skillet over medium heat, about 30 seconds or until aromatic. Remove from skillet. Crush in small bowl or with a mortar and pestle. Combine yogurt with the toasted cumin, salt and pepper. Set aside.
Grill the burgers over medium heat to desired doneness. Serve with grilled sourdough bread or hamburger buns. Top with cumin yogurt.

Submitter: 
McCormick® Gourmet Collection®
Description: 
Fennel, coriander, oregano, and red pepper flavors - from Chef Suzanne Goin of Lucques in Los Angeles, California - add heat and spice to the lamb, while the yogurt cools and refreshes the palate.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4.75
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
30 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
280 calories
18
g fat
7.4
g carbohydrates
21.4
g protein
77
mg cholesterol
519
mg sodium.
