URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/85284/texas-smoked-flounder/
Title:
Texas Smoked Flounder Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/3720000.jpg
Ingredients:
1 whole flounder
1 lemon, halved
ground black pepper to taste
2 tablespoons chopped fresh dill
1 tablespoon olive oil
1 cup wood chips, soaked

Directions:
Preheat a smoker for high heat, about 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). If you do not have a smoker, prepare a grill for indirect heat. If you have a gas grill, stop here and find another recipe!
Clean and scale a fresh flounder. I leave the head on for dramatic appearance, but most people panic at the sight.  Use a sharp knife to make 3 or 4 diagonal slits on the body big enough for lemon slices. Slice half of the lemon into thin slices. Rub a light coating of olive oil over the fish, then squeeze the other half of the lemon over it, and rub in some black pepper. Rub or press 1 tablespoon of  dill into the slits on the body, and insert lemon slices firmly. Place the flounder on a large piece of aluminum foil, and fold the sides up high around the fish. There should be enough foil to seal into a packet, although you want it open for now.
Place the fish onto the grill or smoker, and throw a couple of handfuls of soaked wood chips onto the coals. Close the lid and smoke thoroughly for about 10 minutes. Once the fish has been flavored by the smoke, you can seal up the foil and move to direct heat if you like, but I prefer to smoke it until done.  When the fish is done, the flesh should flake easily with a fork.
Remove the fish from the grill using the foil as a handle, and garnish with remaining fresh dill.

Submitter: 
JVCALLAWAY
Description: 
Nothing tastes better on a summers day then smoked fish. This can be adapted for trout etc., but the flounder cooks quick. It might take a couple tries for the novice smoker to time it right, but the effort is worth it. These are great as a main course, or a snack during all day grilling sessions. We don't just fry fish down here, we smoke 'em! Besides, aren't you tired of flipping burgers like the rest of suburbia?
Categories:
Seafood
Fish

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
40 m
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
385 calories
11
g fat
6.4
g carbohydrates
65.1
g protein
181
mg cholesterol
284
mg sodium.
