URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/86191/grilled-mojo-chicken-salad-with-asparagus-and-oranges/
Title:
Grilled Mojo Chicken Salad With Asparagus and Oranges Recipe
Image:
https://imagesvc.meredithcorp.io/v3/mm/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.media-allrecipes.com%2Fuserphotos%2F1016234.jpg
Ingredients:
½ cup orange juice concentrate
⅓ cup fresh lime juice
2 large garlic cloves, chopped
1 tablespoon chopped fresh mint
1 teaspoon dried oregano
1 teaspoon ground ginger
½ teaspoon salt, and pepper, to taste
6 tablespoons extra-virgin  olive oil, plus extra for drizzling
1 ¾ pounds boneless skinless chicken breasts
3  oranges
1 bunch medium asparagus, tough ends snapped off
12 cups mixed salad greens

Directions:
Whisk first seven ingredients plus 2 Tbs. oil in a 2-cup measuring cup. Pour all but 3/4 cup of mixture into a gallon-sized zipper bag. Add chicken; seal and refrigerate 30 minutes to 4 hours. Whisk 1/4 cup of oil into remaining mixture for dressing. Peel and section oranges. Sprinkle asparagus with oil, salt, pepper.
Build a fire on only one side of grill (to conserve charcoal). When coals are covered with white ash, place chicken on rack over direct heat, cover and grill until well browned, 4 to 6 minutes. Turn, cover and grill another 4 to 6 minutes. Remove chicken and add asparagus, spears perpendicular to rack. Grill 3 to 5 minutes, until well browned and just cooked through.
Remove chicken and let stand for 5 minutes or up to 1 hour. Cut, crosswise, into 1/2-inch-thick slices. Toss greens, oranges, salt and pepper with most of the dressing. Arrange salad in six shallow bowls. Place chicken and asparagus over each. Drizzle with remaining dressing.

Submitter: 
Ben S.
Description: 
The flavoring mixture, which accounts for most of the ingredients, is easy to assemble and, as a bonus, serves as both meat marinade and salad dressing. Simply siphon off some of the mixture as a marinade. Whisk extra oil into the rest for a first-rate dressing.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
23 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.7
Prep time: 
6
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
NA
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
386 calories
17.2
g fat
27.2
g carbohydrates
32.5
g protein
75
mg cholesterol
290
mg sodium.
