URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/86192/grilled-fajita-steak-salad-with-pickled-pink-onions/
Title:
Grilled Fajita Steak Salad With Pickled Pink Onions Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/1000557.jpg
Ingredients:
3 large garlic cloves, minced
1/3 cup fresh lime juice
Salt and pepper, to taste
6 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil
1 tablespoon ground cumin
2 pounds (1 to 1 1/4-inch-thick) New York strip or leanest rib-eye steaks
1 red bell pepper, seeded and quartered
1 yellow bell pepper, seeded and quartered
1/2 large red onion, thinly sliced
2 tablespoons rice wine vinegar
12 cups arugula or other prewashed baby greens
1/2 cup light sour cream

Directions:
Mix garlic and lime juice; set aside 3 Tbs. of mixture for a post-grill marinade. For dressing, add a generous pinch of salt and pepper to the remaining lime juice mixture and slowly whisk in oil; set aside.
Mix cumin, salt and pepper in a small dish. Rub steaks on both sides with oil, and season with cumin mixture. Brush peppers with oil, then season with salt and pepper. In a small bowl, combine onion with vinegar and a pinch of salt. Set all aside.
Build a fire on only one side of grill (to conserve charcoal). When coals are covered with white ash, place steak and peppers on rack over direct heat, cover and grill until steaks are well seared, 3 to 4 minutes per side for medium to medium-rare meat.
Transfer steaks to plate and immediately drizzle with reserved lime mixture. Transfer peppers to a cutting board, and cut each quarter in thirds to get 24 pieces of pepper. Let sit 5 minutes or up to 1 hour. Thinly slice steak across grain. Toss greens with dressing. Arrange in six shallow bowls. Top with steak, peppers, pickled onions and a dollop of sour cream.

Submitter: 
USA WEEKEND columnist Pam Anderson
Description: 
Walk through any neighborhood in the late afternoon, and chances are you'll catch the scent of grilling food. Like suntan lotion and freshly mowed grass, the smoky fragrance smells like summertime.
Categories:
Salad
Beef and Pork Salads
Beef Salad

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4.69565200805664
Prep time: 
NA
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
384 calories
30.6
g fat
8.4
g carbohydrates
19.2
g protein
62
mg cholesterol
65
mg sodium.
