URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/86322/mexican-botana-platter/
Title:
Mexican Botana Platter Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/7223980.jpg
Ingredients:
2 pounds beef skirt steak
2 pounds boneless chicken thighs
2 teaspoons fajita seasoning
2 ½ teaspoons garlic powder, divided
2 cups refried beans
salt to taste
lemon pepper to taste
4  avocados - peeled, pitted, and mashed
1 cup corn oil
24  corn tortillas
1 medium green bell pepper, chopped
1 medium onion, chopped
⅓ bunch cilantro, chopped
1 (16 ounce) package shredded American cheese
12 ounces sour cream
2 large tomatoes, chopped
4  pickled jalapeno peppers, sliced (optional)

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Rub beef and chicken with fajita seasoning and 2 teaspoons garlic powder. Cut beef and chicken into 1-inch strips, and set aside.
In a saucepan, warm refried beans over medium-low heat.
Stir salt, lemon pepper, and 1/2 teaspoon garlic powder into mashed avocados. Set aside.
Heat corn oil in a deep skillet over medium-high heat. Cut tortillas in half, then cut in half again to make 4 triangular pieces per tortilla. Place into the skillet as many tortilla pieces as will fit without overlapping, and fry until crisp; repeat this process until all the tortilla pieces have been fried. Remove crisp tortillas to paper towels. Discard oil, and wipe out skillet.
Return skillet to medium heat, and stir in beef, chicken, bell pepper, and onion. Cook, stirring occasionally, about 7 minutes; then stir in cilantro.
Layer the tortilla pieces along the bottom of a large baking dish. Spread refried beans evenly over tortilla pieces. Sprinkle cheese over beans, then spread meat mixture evenly on top.
Bake in preheated oven until cheese and beans are bubbly, about 20 minutes. Remove from oven, and drop sour cream and guacamole by tablespoonfuls in various places across the top. Sprinkle tomatoes and jalapenos on top.

Submitter: 
RHONDA35
Description: 
Growing up at the very tip of Texas, this beef and chicken fajita, bean, cheese, guacamole, and sour cream recipe has always been an all-in-one hit at restaurants or any get together! Serve with Spanish rice and fresh warm flour tortillas! You can also use grilled shrimp or sausage as your meat and save time by using tortilla chips in the bag, but the taste won't be authentic.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
34 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.71
Prep time: 
40 mins
Ready in:
1 hr 20 mins
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
671 calories
39.8
g fat
41.5
g carbohydrates
39.8
g protein
120
mg cholesterol
958
mg sodium.
