URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/86738/phenomenal-chicken-and-pasta-in-creamy-pesto-sauce/
Title:
Phenomenal Chicken and Pasta in Creamy Pesto Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/3365579.jpg
Ingredients:
2 cups fresh basil
3 cloves garlic
⅓ cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese
⅓ cup pine nuts
1 medium ripe tomato, chopped
¼ cup olive oil
¼ cup chicken broth
1 cup white wine
2 tablespoons dried basil
2 teaspoons dried oregano
2 cloves garlic, minced
6  boneless, skinless chicken breasts, cut into strips
1 (16 ounce) package dried penne pasta
5 tablespoons olive oil, divided
1 large onion, diced
1 tablespoon sugar
½ (8 ounce) jar oil-packed sun-dried tomatoes, drained and sliced
⅓ cup pine nuts
½ cup white wine
1 cup heavy cream
salt to taste

Directions:
Place basil, garlic, Parmesan, pine nuts, and tomato in a food processor. Gradually add olive oil, while pulsing, until mixture is smooth and creamy.
In a bowl, stir together chicken broth, 1 cup white wine, dried basil, oregano, and minced garlic. Stir in chicken pieces.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Add pasta, and cook until just al dente, about 8 minutes. Drain, and rinse under cold water. Toss with 2 tablespoons olive oil. Set aside.
Heat 3 tablespoons olive oil in a skillet over medium heat. Stir in onions, and sprinkle with sugar. Cook until the onions are soft and translucent. Stir in sun-dried tomatoes and pine nuts, and cook about 3 minutes. Stir in chicken and marinade. Stir in 1/2 cup white wine. Simmer chicken pieces, stirring occasionally, about 8 minutes.
Add pasta and pesto to the skillet. Stir in cream, and cook until the sauce is thickened. Adjust salt and freshly ground pepper to taste, and serve with freshly grated Parmesan.

Submitter: 
GILL846
Description: 
An extremely delicious meal: the crunch of pine nuts and the tang of sun-dried tomatoes combine with chicken and pasta in a heavenly pesto cream sauce. Be sure to taste and salt before serving, because depending on what kind of chicken broth you use, the dish may require no salt at all or may be extremely under-salted.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
262 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.48
Prep time: 
40 mins
Ready in:
55 mins
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
943 calories
49.9
g fat
71.1
g carbohydrates
45.7
g protein
127
mg cholesterol
221
mg sodium.
