URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/8792/sour-cream-marinated-chicken-i/
Title:
Sour Cream Marinated Chicken I Recipe
Image:
https://imagesvc.meredithcorp.io/v3/mm/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.media-allrecipes.com%2Fuserphotos%2F269110.jpg
Ingredients:
4  skinless, boneless chicken breast halves
2 teaspoons prepared mustard
¼ teaspoon lemon juice
1 pinch ground black pepper
¼ cup wine vinegar
½ cup sour cream
½ teaspoon celery salt
½ cup shredded Cheddar cheese

Directions:
Place chicken breasts in a 9x13 inch baking dish. Combine the mustard, lemon and ground black pepper, mix together, and brush the mixture on the chicken until each breast is well coated.
In a small bowl, mix together the vinegar, sour cream and celery salt and whisk all together until creamy. Pour this mixture over the coated chicken, covering the chicken as evenly as possible. Set aside any remaining sour cream mixture. Cover the chicken dish, put in the refrigerator and marinate for 6 to 8 hours.
TO BAKE: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Remove chicken to a clean 9x13 inch baking dish. Cover and bake chicken  in preheated oven for 45 minutes or so (depends on the size of the chicken breasts), until the chicken is well done and the juices run clear. While baking, brush occasionally with the remaining sour cream mixture. Remove cover for the last 5 minutes of baking and sprinkle with Cheddar cheese, if desired.
TO GRILL: Grill on an open grill until tender and well done, turning occasionally. When the chicken is almost done, brush on the remaining sour cream mixture until the chicken is well browned.
While chicken is still hot, sprinkle 1/2 cup of shredded Cheddar cheese over the top and wait for about 1 minute for the cheese to melt; then serve.

Submitter: 
KMSMOKEY
Description: 
Nice summertime chicken to bake or grill! Serve with rice, pasta or wide egg noodles, as desired.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
11 Ratings
Number of stars:
3.27
Prep time: 
4
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
NA
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
250 calories
12.2
g fat
1.7
g carbohydrates
31.7
g protein
96
mg cholesterol
367
mg sodium.
