URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/89338/sweet-potato-chicken-casserole/
Title:
Sweet Potato Chicken Casserole Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/112860.jpg
Ingredients:
1 tablespoon olive oil
1 large onion, finely chopped
1 clove garlic, chopped
2 pounds sweet potatoes, peeled and diced
2 carrots, diced
4 skinless, boneless chicken breast halves - diced
2 tablespoons all-purpose flour
1 cup dry white wine
2 cups chicken stock
1/4 cup half-and-half or light cream

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
Heat the oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the onion and garlic, and cook until just starting to turn golden. Mix in the sweet potatoes and carrot; cook and stir for a few minutes, until lightly browned.
Move the vegetables to the sides of the pan, leaving the center clear. Add the chicken; cook and stir until seared on all sides. Scatter the flour over the top, and stir it in. Gradually stir in the chicken stock, mixing carefully so that no flour lumps form. Scrape any bits of food from the bottom of the pan while you do this. Pour in the wine last, and mix through. Transfer to a casserole dish and cover with a lid.
Bake for 1 hour in the preheated oven. Remove from the oven, and let it cool just a little before stirring in the cream (or else it may curdle).

Submitter: 
RACHEL
Description: 
This casserole is the tastiest chicken dish that I have ever tasted. The sweet potato adds an interesting addition to the chicken, alternatively butternut squash can be used in its place. Everyone I have ever cooked this casserole for has loved it! Serve with rice or mashed potato with fresh, crisp green vegetables.
Categories:
Meat and Poultry
Chicken
Chicken Breasts
Healthy

Number of ratings:
64 Ratings
Number of stars:
3.5625
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
1 h 25 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
474 calories
7.2
g fat
58.1
g carbohydrates
32.8
g protein
74
mg cholesterol
577
mg sodium.
