URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/90179/chicken-veronica/
Title:
Chicken Veronica Recipe
Image:
https://imagesvc.meredithcorp.io/v3/mm/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.media-allrecipes.com%2Fuserphotos%2F70168.jpg
Ingredients:
¼ cup extra-virgin olive oil
2 ½ pounds chicken breast cutlets, pounded to 1/4 inch thickness
1 cup all-purpose flour for dusting
4 cloves garlic, chopped
1  shallot, chopped
3 tablespoons chopped oil-packed sun-dried tomatoes
3 slices pancetta bacon, finely chopped
¾ cup good quality dry sherry wine
½ cup chicken stock
2  egg yolks
½ cup heavy cream
2 tablespoons Brie cheese - rind removed, room temperature
salt and pepper to taste
1 teaspoon chopped fresh parsley

Directions:
Heat the olive oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Dredge the chicken in flour, shaking off any excess. Fry chicken in the hot oil until brown on both sides. Remove from the skillet and set aside.
Add the garlic, shallot, sun-dried tomatoes and pancetta to the skillet and reduce the heat to medium. Cook and stir for a few minutes, until garlic is fragrant and pancetta is cooked. Stir in the sherry, loosening any bits stuck to the bottom of the pan. Simmer until reduced by half. Stir in the chicken stock and cook until reduced by half again.
Whisk together the egg yolks and heavy cream; mix into the skillet. Season with salt and pepper. Return the chicken to the skillet and cook for a few minutes, until chicken is coated and sauce is thick. Stir in the Brie cheese until smooth. Remove from the heat and sprinkle with parsley. Serve over rice or angel hair pasta.

Submitter: 
chip69
Description: 
A special chicken dish, named for my girlfriend, with sun-dried tomatoes, pancetta and Brie cheese in a sherry cream sauce. Serve over angel-hair pasta or basmati rice.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
36 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.61
Prep time: 
45 mins
Ready in:
1 hr
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
846 calories
45.6
g fat
36.5
g carbohydrates
65.1
g protein
312
mg cholesterol
729
mg sodium.
