URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/9041/devil-curry/
Title:
Devil Curry Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/1938558.jpg
Ingredients:
3 tablespoons vegetable oil
2 tablespoons water, or as needed
6  red onions, chopped
25  chile peppers, sun-dried
7  candlenuts
1  shrimp paste
1 teaspoon ground turmeric
1 teaspoon ground ginger
1 teaspoon ground allspice
3  lemon grass
1 tablespoon mustard seed
2 cups water
2 ¼ pounds skinless, boneless chicken breast meat - cut into bite-size pieces
2 ¼ pounds potatoes
salt to taste
1 tablespoon distilled white vinegar

Directions:
Heat oil in a large skillet over medium high heat. In a medium bowl combine the onions, chile peppers, candlenuts, shrimp paste, turmeric, ginger, galangal, lemon grass and mustard seed. Blend together with a little water to form a fine paste. Add to skillet and saute until fragrant and almost dry.
Add 2 cups water and bring all to a boil. Add chicken and potatoes. Reduce heat and let simmer about 20 minutes, or until chicken is cooked (no longer pink inside) and curry is quite thick in consistency.
Add salt to taste. Remove from heat and add vinegar. Mix well and serve. This dish is best served with steamed white rice, as it is full of flavor.

Submitter: 
VINCE JONES
Description: 
This is a relatively hot curry which is usually served during Christmas and other special occasions by the Cristao (pronounced Cristang) community in Malacca, Malaysia. They are descendants of the Portuguese invaders who married locals during their reign in Malaysia. This recipe uses candlenuts and galangal; candlenuts are hard tropical nuts used in Southeast Asian cooking and available in Indian or Asian markets. Galangal is a rhizome similar to ginger with a hot, ginger-peppery flavor, used primarily as a seasoning. It is also available in Asian markets.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
8 Ratings
Number of stars:
3.25
Prep time: 
6
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
NA
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
464 calories
11
g fat
45.9
g carbohydrates
45.4
g protein
100
mg cholesterol
130
mg sodium.
