URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/9052/chinese-restaurant-style-sesame-chicken/
Title:
Chinese Restaurant-Style Sesame Chicken Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/4460272.jpg
Ingredients:
2 (6 ounce) skinless, boneless chicken breast halves
1 tablespoon soy sauce
1 tablespoon real maple syrup
1 tablespoon dry sherry
1 teaspoon chopped fresh ginger root
½ teaspoon Chinese five-spice powder
2 tablespoons sesame seeds
3 tablespoons all-purpose flour
salt and pepper to taste
½ teaspoon peanut oil
4 leaves red leaf lettuce - rinsed
1 large tomato, cut into wedges

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Cut chicken into about 1 inch X 2 inch pieces.
In a large nonporous glass dish or bowl, combine the soy sauce, maple syrup, sherry, ginger and five spice powder. Mix together. Add chicken pieces and toss to coat. Cover dish and refrigerate for 20 minutes, turning once, to marinate. After 20 minutes, drain chicken, reserving marinade. Boil reserved marinade in a small saucepan for 5 minutes to remove risk of bacteria.
Meanwhile, spread sesame seeds out evenly on an aluminum foil-lined cookie sheet. Bake in the preheated oven, to toast, for 10 minutes or until slightly browned.
Heat oil in a medium skillet over medium high heat. In a shallow dish or bowl combine flour and salt and pepper to taste. Dredge chicken in seasoned flour, shaking off any excess. Brown chicken pieces in oil for about 1 minute each side. Spoon boiled marinade over chicken, reduce heat and saute all together for 1 more minute or until chicken is cooked through and no longer pink inside.
Remove chicken pieces from heat and roll in toasted sesame seeds. Rinse and dry lettuce leaves; line serving platter with leaves and spoon chicken on top. Garnish with tomato wedges and serve.

Submitter: 
MARBALET
Description: 
Have you been slaving over a hot stove, trying time and again to get that restaurant-style magic infused into your sesame chicken recipe? Slave no more! The magic is here! Say 'open sesame', and it shall be done. Your wish is our command. Now enjoy!
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
41 Ratings
Number of stars:
2.56
Prep time: 
2
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
NA
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
352 calories
8.2
g fat
24.3
g carbohydrates
43.8
g protein
99
mg cholesterol
619
mg sodium.
