URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/91083/korean-egg-roll-triangles/
Title:
Korean Egg Roll Triangles Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/750381.jpg
Ingredients:
1/2 (8 ounce) package dry thin Asian rice noodles (rice vermicelli)
1/2 medium head cabbage, cored and shredded
1 (12 ounce) package firm tofu
2 small zucchini, shredded
4 green onions, finely chopped
4 cloves garlic, finely chopped
1 tablespoon ground black pepper
2 tablespoons Asian (toasted) sesame oil
2 eggs, slightly beaten
2 teaspoons salt
1 (12 ounce) package round wonton wrappers
1/2 cup vegetable oil for frying

Directions:
Bring a pot of water to a boil, drop in the rice noodles, and boil until the noodles are soft but not mushy, 3 to 5 minutes, stirring occasionally. Rinse with cold water, and drain in a colander set in the sink. Chop the noodles up into small pieces, and set aside.
Wrap the shredded cabbage in a kitchen towel or a length of cheesecloth, and squeeze the excess moisture out. Place the cabbage, tofu, zucchini, green onions, garlic, black pepper, sesame oil, eggs, salt, and chopped rice noodles in a large bowl, and mix with your hands until evenly mixed and the tofu is broken up into very small chunks.
Place a round wonton wrapper onto a work surface, and spoon 1 to 2 teaspoons of filling into the center of the wrapper. Dip your finger in water and moisten the edge of the wrapper about halfway around, then fold the wrapper over, enclosing the filling, and pinch the edges together to make a half-moon shape. Lay the completed rolls on a cookie sheet while you finish filling and folding the rest.
Heat the vegetable oil in a heavy skillet, and working in batches, fry the rolls until golden brown, 2 to 3 minutes per side.

Submitter: 
Korean Kimmy
Description: 
This is a recipe my mom taught me.... it's call yaki-mon-do in Korean. They are similar to Chinese egg rolls, fun to eat and easy to make. My friends all love them, and so does my husband. They are great for parties.
Categories:
Appetizers and Snacks
Wraps and Rolls
Egg Rolls

Number of ratings:
14 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.5
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
534 calories
28.4
g fat
56.9
g carbohydrates
14.6
g protein
67
mg cholesterol
1177
mg sodium.
