URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/91408/mini-pumpkin-cheesecakes/
Title:
Mini Pumpkin Cheesecakes Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
3 slices potato bread
Vegetable oil spray (butter flavored recommended)
1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon
12 ounces light cream cheese
1/2 cup sugar
3/4 cup canned pumpkin
1 1/2 teaspoons pumpkin pie spice
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
2 whole eggs

Directions:
Light whipped topping and freshly grated nutmeg for garnish. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.
Flatten potato bread slices with a rolling pin on a cutting board or a flat surface. Using a 2-inch size biscuit cutter, cut 4 circle shapes from each slice. Place bread circles on a nonstick baking sheet that has been sprayed with vegetable oil spray. Lightly spray tops of bread circles with vegetable oil spray and sprinkle top surfaces with cinnamon.
Bake for 8 to 10 minutes, or until bread is toasted and golden brown. Place toasted bread circles on a cooling rack to cool for 5 to 10 minutes.
Line a 12-cup muffin tin with foil cupcake-style liners. Place cooled bread circles in the bottom of each foil liner.
In a medium bowl, beat light cream cheese, and sugar with an electric mixer on medium speed until mixture is combined, approximately 2 to 3 minutes. Add canned pumpkin, pumpkin pie spice, and vanilla and beat for 1 to 2 minutes on medium speed until mixture is combined. Add eggs, one at a time, and beat on medium-low speed until combined (do not over-mix after adding eggs or the mini cheesecakes may crack when cooled). Pour cheesecake batter into foil liners (amount will reach up to the top of liners, but mixture will not overflow as it bakes).
Bake at 350 degrees F for 25 to 30 minutes, or until centers are set. Place muffin tin on a cooling rack and cool for 30 minutes. Remove cheesecakes from muffin tin and place on a plate or platter. Cover and refrigerate at least 1 hour prior to serving. Garnish with light whipped topping and freshly grated nutmeg if desired.

Submitter: 
Grain Foods Foundation
Description: 
These delicious desserts use a real time-saving technique: Slices of potato bread are rolled out, then cut to fill muffin tins. Baked briefly until golden brown, they make a tasty, quick crust for the yummy cheesecake filling.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
NA
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
244 calories
10.3
g fat
29.7
g carbohydrates
9
g protein
89
mg cholesterol
361
mg sodium.
