URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/9244/winter-wonder-bars/
Title:
Winter Wonder Bars Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
12 ounces white chocolate
4 (1 ounce) squares bittersweet chocolate
1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour
1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1/8 teaspoon salt
10 tablespoons unsalted butter
3/4 cup white sugar
3 eggs
3 teaspoons vanilla extract
3/4 cup chopped and toasted macadamia nuts

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Grease one 9 inch square baking pan. Line the bottom of the pan with parchment paper and set aside.
Chop 1/2 of the white chocolate into very small pieces. Chop the remaining white chocolate and the bittersweet chocolate into large chunks, set aside.
Sift together the flour, baking powder and salt. Melt the butter in a small saucepan. Do not allow the butter to bubble or to color. Remove from the heat and add the finely chopped white chocolate. DO NOT STIR the chocolate in, set aside.
Beat the sugar, eggs and vanilla together until thick and lemon colored, about 5 minutes. Lower the mixer speed and add the butter mixture. Mix just to blend. Add the flour mixture and mix just until the flour is mixed in. Use a rubber spatula to fold in the two chocolates and the nuts. Scrape the batter into the prepared pan.
Bake at 325 degrees F (165 degrees C) until the brownies are just set, about 30 minutes. A toothpick inserted in the center should come out with moist crumbs still attached. As with all brownies it is better to underbake than to overbake. Allow to cool about 1 hour then cut into squares.

Submitter: 
Kevin Ryan
Description: 
Holiday time calls for excess and expense. These bar cookies fit the bill, white chocolate brownies with macadamia nuts! Please don't skimp on the quality of the chocolate, it makes all the difference.
Categories:
Desserts
Cookies

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
NA
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
362 calories
22.8
g fat
35.4
g carbohydrates
4.9
g protein
59
mg cholesterol
71
mg sodium.
