URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/93692/cabbage-and-rice-soup-with-bacon/
Title:
Cabbage and Rice Soup with Bacon Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/986857.jpg
Ingredients:
4 ounces sliced bacon
2 tablespoons Filippo Berio Extra Light Olive Oil or Filippo Berio Olive Oil
2 leeks, white and green part, sliced
2 carrots, thinly sliced
1 cup fruity white wine
1 head savoy cabbage, thinly sliced
3 (14.5 ounce) cans chicken broth
1 cup medium or long-grain rice
2 dried bay leaves
Salt
1 teaspoon ground black pepper
1 egg

Directions:
Place the bacon slab on a cutting board. Cut crosswise at 1/2-inch intervals. Separating some of the pieces, scatter the bacon in a large pot set over medium heat. Cook, stirring, for about 5 minutes or until crisp.
Remove the bacon with a slotted spoon to a paper-towel-lined plate. Pour off and discard all the fat. Add the oil to the pot; heat until warm. Add the leeks and carrots. Cook, stirring occasionally, for about 5 minutes, or until golden.
Add the wine. Increase the heat to high. Bring to a boil and cook for about 5 minutes, or until reduced to about 1/4 cup. Add the cabbage, broth, rice, bay leaves, and 1/2 to 1 teaspoon salt. Bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to medium-low.
Cover partially and cook for 20 minutes, or until the rice is tender. Add the pepper. Remove and discard the bay leaves.
Beat the egg in a medium bowl. Gradually add 1 to 2 cups of broth skimmed from the soup. Add the egg mixture to the pot. Cook, stirring constantly, for about 2 minutes, or until the soup thickens slightly. Season with salt to taste.
Sprinkle each serving with the reserved bacon.

Submitter: 
Filippo Berio Olive Oil
Description: 
This flavorful soup made with carrots, leeks, and savoy cabbage in chicken broth makes a simple and wonderful meal served with salad and crusty Italian bread.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4.5
Prep time: 
NA
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
266 calories
4.6
g fat
41.4
g carbohydrates
9.3
g protein
38
mg cholesterol
222
mg sodium.
