URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/93695/grilled-swordfish-and-red-potatoes-with-rosemary/
Title:
Grilled Swordfish and Red Potatoes with Rosemary Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/983474.jpg
Ingredients:
1 lemon
4 tablespoons Filippo Berio Extra Virgin Olive Oil or Filippo Berio Olive Oil, divided
1/4 cup plain dry bread crumbs
3/4 teaspoon salt, divided
2 tablespoons minced fresh rosemary
2 pounds swordfish steaks
1 1/4 pounds red-skinned potatoes, cut into 2-inch chunks

Directions:
Grate the lemon zest into a large glass or ceramic dish. Cut the lemon in half. Set one half aside. Squeeze the juice from the other half. Add the juice, 3 tablespoons oil, bread crumbs, 1/2 teaspoon salt, and all but 2 teaspoons of the rosemary to the dish. Stir to mix. Add the swordfish, and dip both sides of the steaks in the mixture to coat. Cover tightly with plastic wrap and refrigerate for 1 hour.
Meanwhile, place the potatoes in a single layer in a shallow microwaveable dish. Cover with waxed paper. Microwave for 8 to 10 minutes, or until a knife easily pierces the flesh. Remove and season with 1/4 teaspoon salt, 1 tablespoon oil, and 2 teaspoons rosemary. Toss to coat; set aside at room temperature.
To grill the swordfish and potatoes: Prepare a charcoal or gas grill for indirect cooking, firing briquettes or lighting the gas on one side of the grid only.
Toss the potatoes. Remove the potatoes from the dish and place directly over the heat. Grill, turning every 1 or 2 minutes, until browned all over. Move the potatoes to the side of the rack away from direct heat. Cover and grill for 20 minutes.
With the potatoes still on the grill, place the fish steaks directly over the heat for 3 to 4 minutes each side, or until the crumbs are browned and the steak is opaque in the center. Cut the swordfish into serving portions.
Cut the reserved lemon half into wedges to serve with the swordfish.

Submitter: 
Filippo Berio Olive Oil
Description: 
Fresh rosemary flavors both the swordfish and red potatoes in this simple and delicious grilled dinner.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
NA
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
calories
fat
carbohydrates
protein
cholesterol
sodium.
