URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/93708/grilled-portobellos-and-onions-with-parmesan-crostini/
Title:
Grilled Portobellos and Onions with Parmesan Crostini Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/993065.jpg
Ingredients:
8 portobello mushroom caps
2 large sweet onions, cut into 1/2-inch-thick slices
1/3 cup Filippo Berio Extra Light Olive Oil or Filippo Berio Olive Oil
1 tablespoon minced fresh rosemary
2 cloves garlic, minced
Salt
8 slices (1/2 inch thick) rustic bread
1/2 cup grated Parmesan cheese

Directions:
Prepare a charcoal or gas grill for indirect cooking, firing briquets or lighting the gas on one side of the grid only. Place the mushrooms and onions on a large tray. In a glass measuring cup, mix the oil, rosemary, and garlic. Press the garlic with the back of a spoon to extract juice. Drizzle over the mushrooms and onions; rub to coat evenly. Season lightly with salt. Set aside.
Place the onions directly over the heat source. Cook for 2 minutes each side, turning carefully, or until golden. Move the onions to the side away from the heat.  Place the mushrooms, underside facing up, directly over the heat source.  Cook for 1 minute each side. Stack over the onions, underside facing up. Lay the bread slices on the tray. Rub both sides with any remaining oil. Place the slices directly over the heat source. Cook for 30 to 40 seconds each side, or just until golden. Remove to the tray and sprinkle evenly with the Parmesan. Set aside.
Cover the grill and cook for 10 to 12 minutes, or until juices start to pool in the mushrooms. Remove the mushrooms and onions to a serving platter. Place the bread slices, cheese side up, on the side of the cooking rack away from the direct heat source. Cover and grill for 5 minutes, or until hot.

Submitter: 
Filippo Berio Olive Oil
Description: 
This Fall-inspired crostini is made with fresh rosemary and portobello mushrooms.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
NA
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
276 calories
8.1
g fat
39.5
g carbohydrates
14.9
g protein
11
mg cholesterol
442
mg sodium.
