URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/93717/white-bean-sage-and-garlic-crostini/
Title:
White Bean, Sage, and Garlic Crostini Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
1/4 cup Filippo Berio Extra Virgin Olive Oil or Filippo Berio Olive Oil plus some for brushing the crostini
3 whole heads garlic, cut in half
1 (19 ounce) can cannellini beans, rinsed and drained
2 teaspoons rubbed dried sage leaves
1/4 teaspoon salt
1 pinch ground red pepper
1 (1 pound) loaf crusty Italian bread, preferably 1 day old
2 tablespoons minced fresh flat-leaf parsley

Directions:
In a medium saucepan, heat the 1/4 cup oil and garlic. Cover and cook over low heat for 5 minutes, or until the garlic is softened. Add the beans, sage, salt, and red pepper. Cover and cook for 12 minutes, or until the beans are softened. Uncover and cook for about 8 minutes, mashing the mixture occasionally with the back of a large spoon. The mixture should be a coarse puree. Transfer to a bowl. Serve immediately or cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate for up to 24 hours. If mixture is too thick after refrigeration, stir in 1 to 2 tablespoons of warm water.
Cut off the end crusts of the bread and reserve for bread crumbs. Cut the loaf into 1/2-inch-thick slices. Cut the larger slices in half to make pieces that are approximately 2 inches square. Place on a large baking sheet. Broil 6 inches from the heat source for about 2 minutes, just to dry. Remove from the broiler. Turn pieces over. Spray lightly with olive oil from a mister or coat lightly with a pastry brush dipped in oil. Return to the broiler and cook for about 1 minute, or until the oil is sizzling. Remove.
Spread with the bean mixture. Sprinkle with the parsley.

Submitter: 
Filippo Berio Olive Oil
Description: 
White beans are cooked with garlic, sage, and ground red pepper, then spread on crusty Italian bread for a delicious appetizer.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
10 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
594 calories
18.8
g fat
89.4
g carbohydrates
17.9
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
1093
mg sodium.
