URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/93710/roman-cheesecake/
Title:
Roman Cheesecake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
Filippo Berio Extra Light Olive Oil
1 recipe Sweet Pastry Dough
1 lemon
6 ounces cream cheese, softened
2 cups whole milk ricotta cheese
3/4 cup confectioners' sugar, divided
4 eggs, separated
Pinch of salt

Directions:
Coat a 10-inch springform pan with oil.
Prepare the dough. Pat into the bottom and 1 3/4 inches up the sides of the pan. Prick all over with a fork. Refrigerate for 30 minutes.
Meanwhile, grate 1 teaspoon of lemon zest. Cut the lemon and squeeze 1 tablespoon juice. Set the zest and juice aside.
In a mixing bowl, beat the cream cheese until smooth. Add 1/2 cup sugar, the lemon zest, and juice. Add the ricotta and the egg yolks. Beat until smooth; set aside.
Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F. Place the egg whites and salt in the bowl of an electric mixer. Whip, gradually adding the remaining 1/4 cup sugar, for about 4 minutes, or until the whites hold peaks. Stir a large spoonful of the beaten whites into the reserved cheese mixture. Add the cheese mixture to the egg whites, gently pouring it down the sides of the bowl so that it does not make the whites collapse. Fold to combine.
Place the springform pan on a heavy baking sheet. Gently transfer the batter to the prepared pan. Cover loosely with aluminum foil.
Bake for about 60 minutes or until a tester inserted into the center comes out clean. Turn off the oven. Open the door. Leave the cheesecake in the oven for 1 hour.
Remove to a rack and remove the foil. Allow to cool completely. Refrigerate overnight.

Submitter: 
Filippo Berio Olive Oil
Description: 
Extra light olive oil and ricotta cheese are the secrets to this delicious, guilt-free Roman cheesecake.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
NA
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
295 calories
15.4
g fat
29.7
g carbohydrates
10
g protein
117
mg cholesterol
149
mg sodium.
