URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/93725/grilled-asparagus-and-red-onions-with-parmesan-and-balsamic-vinegar/
Title:
Grilled Asparagus and Red Onions with Parmesan and Balsamic Vinegar Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/977095.jpg
Ingredients:
3/4 pound asparagus, trimmed
2 small Italian eggplants (sliced into 3/4 inch thick rounds)
6 wooden skewers (8 inch long) soaked in water
1 large red onion, cut into four 3/4 inch thick slices
1 tablespoon Filippo Berio Regular Olive Oil (for brushing and grilling)
2 cups baby spinach, washed and dried
Vinaigrette
1/3 cup Filippo Berio Extra Virgin Olive Oil
1/4 cup balsamic vinegar
1/3 cup Parmesan shavings, shaved with a vegetable peeler
1 pinch kosher salt
1 pinch black pepper
1/2 tablespoon minced garlic
1/2 tablespoon minced shallot

Directions:
Divide asparagus into 2 bunches. Align each bunch in a flat row with ends at the same level. Thread 2 skewers crosswise through each bunch in lower third of stems, where thickest, to form a solid mat. Thread remaining 2 skewers horizontally through onion slices, 2 per skewer. Rinse eggplant in a colander with tbs kosher salt. Pat dry with towel. Brush asparagus, eggplant, and onions with 1 tbs regular olive oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper to taste.
To Make Vinaigrette: In a glass Bowl combine Balsamic vinegar, kosher salt, black pepper, garlic, and shallots; mix well. Slowly drizzle in the olive oil while whisking.
Grilling: Preheat grill. Grill eggplant, onions, and asparagus uncovered, on a lightly oiled rack (using regular olive oil) over moderate heat, brushing occasionally with 1 tbs regular olive oil turning, until tender, 8-12 minutes total.
Remove vegetables from skewers and drizzle with vinaigrette. Top with baby spinach and sprinkle with Parmesan shavings.

Submitter: 
Filippo Berio Olive Oil
Description: 
Chef Jim Coleman finishes these asparagus and eggplant skewers with a drizzle of garlic and shallot flavored vinaigrette and shavings of Parmesan cheese.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
NA
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
158 calories
12.6
g fat
10.2
g carbohydrates
3.9
g protein
4
mg cholesterol
125
mg sodium.
