URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/95012/turkey-soup-with-dressing-dumplings/
Title:
Turkey Soup with Dressing Dumplings Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/807253.jpg
Ingredients:
1 roast turkey carcass
6 quarts water
4 medium onions
6 medium carrots
5 stalks celery
6 cups leftover stuffing
6 egg whites
cooking spray
1 cup peas
1 cup corn kernels
1 cup cubed turnips
1 cup fresh green beans, trimmed
1 (16 ounce) can jellied cranberry sauce
1 (16 ounce) can whole berry cranberry sauce
1 tablespoon poultry seasoning, such as Bell's
salt and pepper to taste

Directions:
Set the oven rack about 6 inches from the heat source and preheat the oven's broiler. Remove all meat from cooked turkey carcass and set aside. Arrange bones in a roasting pan and broil until browned on both sides.
Transfer browned bones to large stock pot and cover with 6 quarts of water. Trim, peel, and chop the onions, carrots, and celery; add peels and ends of raw onions, celery, and carrots to the stock pot and reserve the cleaned vegetables for the soup. Simmer bones and vegetable scraps for 1 hour.  Turn off the heat and allow stock to cool for 20 minutes. Strain the stock, discarding the bones and vegetable scraps. Remove the fat from the stock by refrigerating the stock overnight and removing the hardened fat layer from the top or by skimming the fat from the top of the liquid with a ladle.
Combine leftover stuffing and egg whites in a large bowl. Form the stuffing mixture into small balls and place on a microwave-safe plate. Microwave the dumplings on High for 1 1/2 to 2 minutes. Heat a large skillet over medium heat, and coat with cooking spray. Add the dumplings and cook until the are golden brown on all sides. Remove from pan and set aside.
Add the reserved and chopped turkey meat, onions, celery, and carrots to the strained soup stock; simmer for 1 hour. Stir in the peas, corn, green beans, and turnips; simmer until the vegetables are tender. Pour in the jellied and whole berry cranberry sauces, poultry seasoning, salt, and pepper; stir. When the cranberry sauce has dissolved into the soup add the cooked dumplings and heat through.

Submitter: 
Michelle Manning
Description: 
I developed this soup when trying to figure out to do with Thanksgiving dinner leftovers. It is delicious and will turn turkey dinner leftovers into an exciting new dish. You can use any leftover vegetables or omit the cranberry sauce. My family loves it with the cranberry sauce. 
Categories:
Soups, Stews and Chili
Soup
Turkey Soup

Number of ratings:
26 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.61538457870483
Prep time: 
2 h
Ready in:
4 h
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
512 calories
24.5
g fat
61
g carbohydrates
15.5
g protein
43
mg cholesterol
865
mg sodium.
