URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/95558/chicken-with-pepper-cheese-sauce/
Title:
Chicken with Pepper Cheese Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://imagesvc.meredithcorp.io/v3/mm/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.media-allrecipes.com%2Fuserphotos%2F56187.jpg
Ingredients:
¼ cup all-purpose flour
1 teaspoon ground black pepper
1 teaspoon cayenne pepper
3  skinless, boneless chicken breast halves - cut into 1 inch pieces
2 tablespoons olive oil
1  red bell pepper, seeded and chopped
1  onion, chopped
1 clove garlic, minced
½  jalapeno pepper, seeded and minced
¾ cup chicken broth
2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce
½ cup milk
1 tablespoon all-purpose flour
½ cup sour cream
1 cup shredded Monterey Jack cheese
1 (12 ounce) package uncooked linguini pasta

Directions:
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Add linguine pasta and cook for 8 minutes, or until tender. Drain.
Meanwhile, in a shallow dish, mix together 1/4 cup flour, black pepper and cayenne pepper. Coat the chicken in the flour mixture, shaking off the excess. Heat the oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add chicken pieces and cook until browned on the outside and no longer pink inside. Remove to a plate and keep warm.
Add the bell pepper, onion, garlic and jalapeno pepper to the skillet; cook and stir over medium heat for about 5 minutes. Stir in the chicken broth, Worcestershire sauce and milk. Bring to a simmer. Stir in 1 tablespoon of flour and simmer over medium-low heat until the sauce starts to thicken.
Remove from the heat and stir in sour cream and Monterey Jack cheese until melted. Return chicken to the pan and stir to coat with sauce. Serve chicken and sauce over pasta.

Submitter: 
JLILLY19
Description: 
A cheesy, creamy pasta dish that has just a bit of a bite. Reduce the jalapeno according to how spicy you like it. This goes great with garlic toast.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
24 Ratings
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
45 mins
Ready in:
6
Number of servings: 
NA
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
468 calories
16.9
g fat
51.5
g carbohydrates
28.2
g protein
61
mg cholesterol
181
mg sodium.
