URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/95767/warm-belgian-endive-and-pine-nut-salad/
Title:
Warm Belgian Endive and Pine Nut Salad Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/6414116.jpg
Ingredients:
1 tablespoon Dijon mustard
1 tablespoon red wine vinegar
1/2 tablespoon lemon juice
3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, or as needed
salt and pepper to taste
4 heads Belgian endive
1/3 cup pine nuts
1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley, for garnish

Directions:
In a medium bowl, whisk together the Dijon mustard, red wine vinegar and lemon juice. Whisk in olive oil slowly until you have an almost creamy consistency. Taste and season with salt and pepper. Set aside.
Cut endive heads crosswise into rings. Remove the hard end of the stems and discard. Rinse in a colander, shaking to separate the slices into rings. Set aside to drain.
In a large dry skillet over medium heat, toast the pine nuts. Stir constantly so that they do not burn. Once the pine nuts are golden, throw in the endive rings. Once it has warmed just slightly, pour in the dressing and toss to coat. Reduce the heat slightly if the endive is wilting too quickly. You want to maintain some crispness and texture.
If you have guests to impress, throw in the parsley. The sharp green flecks will brighten the dish and enhance the flavour, but the salad is in no way lacking without. Serve immediately. It is best served directly from the pan to the plate.  If is put in a bowl, the dressing will settle at the bottom and be difficult to toss again without damaging the endive.

Submitter: 
A c r H
Description: 
This brilliant salad is easy to prepare, delicious, healthy and goes with anything.  Traditionally French, perfect anytime of the year.  This recipe is also easily expandable, as it is generally, one endive per person.
Categories:
Salad
Green Salads

Number of ratings:
48 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.14583349227905
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
24 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
248 calories
16.9
g fat
20.1
g carbohydrates
9.2
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
208
mg sodium.
