URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/99381/ground-pork-cake-with-salty-egg-haam-daan-ju-yoke-beng/
Title:
Ground Pork Cake with Salty Egg (Haam Daan Ju Yoke Beng) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/46304.jpg
Ingredients:
1 salted (hard-cooked) duck egg, shelled
1 1/2 pounds ground pork
1 egg
1 tablespoon soy sauce
1/2 teaspoon white sugar
1/4 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon ground black pepper
1 tablespoon milk
1/2 head broccoli, cut into florets

Directions:
Separate the white of the salted egg from the yolk. Mash the white with a spoon in a small bowl or blend in a food processor. Divide the yolk into four pieces and set aside.
In a medium heat-proof bowl, mix together the ground pork, salty egg white, regular egg, soy sauce, sugar, salt, pepper and milk using your hands. The milk will make the texture smoother. Let stand for 15 minutes to marinate. In Chinese cooking, this is the best time to prepare the rest of the dishes for the meal and begin cooking rice.
Take the pieces of salted egg yolk and push them into the pork. Smooth the top of the pork until it is flat and even. Arrange broccoli florets around the outer edge of the meat.
Place the bowl in a steamer or in a large pot with a couple inches of water in it. Set over medium-low heat. Steam until the meat is browned throughout, about 30 minutes. Serve with rice. The yolk is the most coveted part of the dish.  Ration it carefully!  It is very salty, so it is best to eat the yolk a tid bit at a time with a larger bite of meat, mixed with a mouthful of rice.

Submitter: 
Melody Yeung
Description: 
This is an authentic familiar traditional Cantonese home-style dish.  It's a recipe mostly passed on within families, and it is rare to find this dish in any Asian restaurant.  Trust me though, it is VERY good.  It's actually intentionally salty tasting, so it goes very well with white rice. Salty eggs are also called a Haam Daan- you can find them at all Asian supermarkets.
Categories:
World Cuisine
Asian
Chinese

Number of ratings:
15 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.26666688919067
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
419 calories
28.3
g fat
4.2
g carbohydrates
35.5
g protein
312
mg cholesterol
514
mg sodium.
