URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/99581/arjuns-lime-chicken-rice/
Title:
Arjun's Lime Chicken Rice Recipe
Image:
https://imagesvc.meredithcorp.io/v3/mm/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.media-allrecipes.com%2Fuserphotos%2F345019.jpg
Ingredients:
1 tablespoon olive oil
1 teaspoon minced garlic
1 teaspoon dried basil
salt to taste
½ teaspoon pepper
1 (4 ounce) skinless, boneless chicken breast half - cut into bite-size pieces
2 tablespoons olive oil, divided
2 tablespoons minced garlic
1  onion, chopped
2  fresh jalapeno pepper, seeded and chopped
2  tomatoes - peeled, seeded, and coarsely chopped
salt to taste
1 teaspoon turmeric powder
1 cup uncooked white rice
1  lime, juiced
2  bay leaves
1 cup chicken stock
1 ½ cups water
3 tablespoons chopped cilantro

Directions:
Mix olive oil, garlic, basil, salt, and pepper in a small bowl.  Toss chicken in marinade, cover and refrigerate overnight.
Heat 1 tablespoon of olive oil in a small saucepan over medium-high heat; cook chicken and set aside. Heat remaining 1 tablespoon of olive oil, and cook garlic and onion until translucent. Stir in jalapeno, chopped tomatoes, salt, and turmeric; cook for 2 minutes to soften tomato.  Stir in the rice, mixing thoroughly.  Stir in half of the lime juice, bay leaves, chicken stock, water, and cooked chicken. Bring to a boil, reduce heat to low, then cover and simmer 25 minutes, stirring occasionally until the rice has cooked. Remove from heat, discard the bay leaves; stir in the remaining lime juice and cilantro.

Submitter: 
Shaheen P.
Description: 
Arjun's Lime Chicken Rice is a colorful dish that is perfect for a lazy Sunday afternoon. The piquant flavors blend into the rice perfectly. A delicious and delightful dish, meant for one and all!
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
28 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.07
Prep time: 
15 mins
Ready in:
8 hrs 45 mins
Number of servings: 
8 hrs
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
315 calories
11.1
g fat
42.5
g carbohydrates
10.9
g protein
18
mg cholesterol
267
mg sodium.
