URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/fabulous-zucchini-grinders/
Title:
Fabulous Zucchini Grinders Recipe
Image:
https://imagesvc.meredithcorp.io/v3/mm/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.media-allrecipes.com%2Fuserphotos%2F613552.jpg
Ingredients:
1 tablespoon olive oil
2 cloves garlic, peeled and coarsely chopped
1 pinch crushed red pepper flakes
1 tablespoon chopped fresh basil
1 teaspoon red wine vinegar
1 teaspoon white sugar
1 (14.5 ounce) can diced tomatoes
salt and pepper to taste
1 tablespoon butter
2 medium zucchini, cubed
1 pinch red pepper flakes
salt and pepper to taste
1 ½ cups shredded mozzarella cheese
4 (6 inch) French or Italian sandwich rolls, split

Directions:
To make marinara sauce, heat olive oil in a saucepan over medium heat (see Cook's Note). Add garlic, basil and red pepper flakes; cook and stir for a minute or two until fragrant. Stir in sugar, vinegar, salt, and pepper. Pour in tomatoes with their juices and simmer over low heat for 15 minutes. Remove from heat and puree until smooth in food processor or blender.
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Melt butter in a skillet over medium heat. Cook the zucchini in butter until browned and slightly tender. Season with red pepper flakes, salt, and pepper.
Spoon a generous amount of the zucchini mixture into each sandwich roll. Cover zucchini with about 1/4 cup marinara sauce per roll. Top with a handful of shredded mozzarella. Close the rolls, and wrap individually in aluminum foil.
Bake for 15 minutes in the preheated oven, until bread is heated through, rolls are soft, and cheese is melted.

Submitter: 
your mom
Description: 
I made this up one day out of things I had on hand, and it turned out to be one of my favorite sandwiches ever. Sauteed zucchini pieces are coated with a zesty marinara sauce and topped with a generous helping of mozzarella cheese. These baked sandwiches are a great vegetarian version of the Italian grinder. They can also be made ahead of time, and heated just before serving.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
560 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.56
Prep time: 
20 mins
Ready in:
50 mins
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
339 calories
15.1
g fat
37.3
g carbohydrates
16.9
g protein
35
mg cholesterol
729
mg sodium.
